

“I’ll find a way to return the money. Just contact them and tell them they can’t have the painting yet.”

“But Liv…”

Their conversation came to an abrupt halt. Footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs. Liv hurriedly covered the canvas again with the cloth. In the meantime, Brad nervously opened the door.

Standing outside was a man in a neat servant’s uniform. Liv instinctively realized that this man must be the servant of the person who had bought the painting.

“I’ve come to collect the ordered item.”

“I’m afraid it can’t be sold.”

Before Brad could say anything, Liv quickly spoke up.

“The painting hasn’t been agreed upon by the model.”

The servant hesitated momentarily at her words before turning back to Brad and speaking indifferently, “I’ve come as per my master’s request to collect the painting. Matters beyond that are not within my authority.”

“Then who should I speak to? I can’t hand over the painting right now.”

Liv replied again, but the servant’s gaze remained fixed on Brad.

“Mr. Brad, didn’t you say I could collect it today? My master is waiting in the carriage right now.”

“Y-yes… That’s true, but…”

Brad stammered, glancing nervously between Liv and the servant.

“I-It will take a bit more time to come to an agreement with the model, so if you could just give us a few days…”

“Brad!”

Liv, shocked, tried to correct Brad’s statement, but the servant calmly nodded before she could.

“I’ll convey that to my master for now.”

Liv watched in stunned silence as the servant turned to leave. Brad, drenched in sweat, kept wiping his face with a handkerchief, trying in vain to persuade Liv. But his words fell on deaf ears.

She had managed to stop the painting from being taken for now, but the thought of having to return the model fee loomed large in her mind.

How much money did she have left right now?

Even if she gathered it all, it would be far from enough. Should she search for sewing work again?

But then what about the extra rent for this month?

“Liv, listen! Maybe if we just… Oh, oh no. Why have you come back?”

Liv, lost in confusion and despair, suddenly looked up. The servant who had just left was now standing in the doorway again.

“My master wishes to speak directly.”

He had mentioned that his master was waiting in the carriage. It seemed that the change in plans had irritated the buyer. A mix of complexity and hopelessness spread across Liv’s face.

Liv had no idea who the servant’s master was, but considering that most buyers of paintings came from the upper wealthy class, it was likely this one did too. If they were angry and sought accountability, she would be completely at their mercy.

Brad, too, seemed to sense the potential trouble, hurriedly grabbing his coat with a pale face.

“Oh, y-yes! Right away…”

“Not you, Mr. Brad.”

The servant, cutting Brad off bluntly, turned his gaze to Liv.

“My master would like to hear the reason for the refusal directly from the model. He also added that he will keep the model’s identity confidential, considering the nature of the work. Will that be possible?”

Liv’s shoulders stiffened. She stood frozen, unable to even make a sound. Brad awkwardly intervened on her behalf.

“T-the model prefers not to be seen…”

The servant frowned, letting out a sigh, his indifferent tone revealing his growing annoyance.

“If that’s not possible, then the payment for the painting should be refunded immediately. Otherwise, proceed as originally agreed.”

The painting was out of the question.

The thought that flashed through her mind loosened her tongue.

“How much was the painting?”

“Wait!”

Brad urgently grabbed Liv’s arm and pulled her aside, speaking in a hushed voice, “I don’t have the money right now. It’s all gone.”

“What?”

“There was an urgent need…”

“Did you gamble again?”

Judging from Brad’s evasive response, Liv didn’t need to hear more to understand. With a look of disbelief, she turned to glance back at the servant, who now indifferently held out a note.

“My master cannot be kept waiting any longer. Visit before evening.”

This time, the servant truly left. Liv stood there in a daze, staring at the note he had left behind for a long time.

The note only had an address, somewhere unfamiliar to her.

 There was no trace of emotion in his indifferent eyes. Liv, who was looking at him with a bewildered expression, stammered her response.

“You received the painting.”

“A painting might serve as circumstantial evidence, but it’s hardly definitive proof.”

The marquis’s rebuttal was smooth and nonchalant.

“Do you have any other means to prove your involvement?”

“Brad can testify.”

“How do I know the two of you aren’t conspiring to deceive me? I’ve heard that the model wished to keep her identity hidden.”

Who in this city would dare to deceive Marquis Dietrion?

However, such words would hardly persuade the marquis. It was clear that he knew Liv was the model but was pretending not to. Perhaps he was indirectly telling her to give up on the painting by acting oblivious.

But how could she just let it go? Evidence of her posing as a nude model was now hanging on someone else’s wall.

What if Baroness Pendence visited this place? Or if anyone else came across the painting?

She’d lose her job without even a recommendation letter, and rumors would spread that she’d worked as a nude model.

“…If you look at my back, you’ll know it’s the same person.”

A voice barely louder than a whisper escaped her trembling lips.

“Will that be enough?”

The marquis simply stared at her without answering. Liv, however, could read his unspoken permission in his silence.

 



 

Even though all the windows were tightly curtained, it took great courage to undress in someone else’s large and lavish reception room.

Liv cast a fleeting glance at the marquis, who sat on the sofa, resting his chin in his hand with a bored expression. She turned her back to him. Her trembling fingers fumbled several times over the buttons she had carefully fastened.

It took multiple tries, clenching and unclenching her fists, before she could properly unfasten the buttons. She felt her clothes loosen as the front opened. Since she hadn’t worn many layers, her bare skin was soon exposed to the air.

Though the reception room wasn’t particularly cold, she felt a sudden chill and involuntarily hunched her shoulders. With all the buttons undone, all that was left was to let go, and her clothes would fall away.

At least she didn’t have to undress completely. Since she was only showing her back while sitting, it should be enough just to take off her top. Taking a deep breath, Liv carefully pulled down her clothes.

No one was looking at her front, but she still felt self-conscious, crossing her arms over her chest. From behind, a detached voice called out to her.

“The pose.”

Did he want her to replicate the pose from the painting?

After a moment’s hesitation, Liv reached for her pinned-up hair. With a slight tug, her thick auburn hair loosened, cascading down her back.

She tried to recall Brad’s instructions from before. She couldn’t strike exactly the same pose since she was standing now, not sitting, but this was the best she could manage.

Apparently, it still wasn’t enough for the marquis.

“The pose is different from the painting I received.”

“That can’t be…”

Liv started to deny it but stopped abruptly. Now that she thought about it, there had been a slight difference between the painting and the one the marquis received.

Her face flushed with embarrassment, feeling as though it would burst, but Liv closed her eyes tightly and reopened them, suppressing her emotions. The embarrassment would be temporary, but if this convinced the marquis, she could endure it.

Liv rested her chin on her shoulder and turned halfway around, glancing behind her. She wondered if the marquis’s face might hold some hint of mockery, but to her surprise, he was simply staring at her with an expressionless gaze. His cold blue eyes showed no sign of emotion, as if it were hard to believe he was even looking at a woman’s naked body.

He was genuinely trying to determine if she was the model from the painting.

Once she realized this, her rising sense of shame oddly subsided. Her anxious green eyes also settled, becoming more composed. Liv stared blankly back at the marquis.

His gaze slowly traveled from her slender waist up along her back, pausing at her smooth shoulders and arms, then over her disheveled hair. His eyes glided down, following her fingers tangled in her hair, then across her calm green eyes, her straight nose, her lips, and her chin, which was partly obscured by her shoulder, before returning to her eyes.

When their eyes met, the marquis’s lips, which had been pressed into a thin line, slowly parted.

“You can put your clothes back on.”

Relieved by his words, Liv lowered her arms, but her hair tie slipped from her fingers, causing her wavy hair to spill down her back. The marquis, glancing at the fallen hair tie, stood up.

“Once you’re dressed, ring the bell on the table. A servant will escort you to my study.”

The reception room door closed behind him, and only then did Liv realize she hadn’t even been breathing properly. The air against her bare skin no longer felt cold.

 



 

By the time Liv left the mansion, the sun had already set.

The middle-aged man who had initially greeted Liv in the reception room introduced himself as Monte, the caretaker. Not only did he manage the building, but his duties also included overseeing all the artwork inside it.

The mansion served as Marquis Dietrion’s private gallery for his art collection. From Monte’s description, it seemed this was just one of several similar buildings, with this one being the largest. Monte conveyed the marquis’s courteous invitation, saying that guests were welcome to tour the gallery if they wished. Liv, however, politely declined and made her way out.

Part of her wished she had accepted Monte’s offer of a carriage ride. She was exhausted from her meeting with the marquis, and the thought of walking all the way home was overwhelming. But the prospect of saving money for just a bit of comfort gave her some energy. By the time she arrived home, she was utterly spent, unable even to move a finger.

Still, she had avoided the worst outcome. Liv let out a long sigh. Blinking slowly, she replayed the conversation she had had with the marquis in her mind.

 

“You won’t be able to bring the payment anyway.”

His voice held no hint of anger. It was dry and indifferent, which somehow made Liv feel even more chastised.

Watching the marquis ignore her entirely, Liv cautiously spoke, “If you could grant me just a little more time, I will do my utmost.”

“And how exactly would time help you come up with the money? Neither you nor the painter seems to be in a particularly good financial situation.”

Without any effort at investigation, he could easily tell just by observing their appearances.

Liv, feeling a pang of guilt, clutched her skirt. Her eyes dropped involuntarily, catching sight of her shoes, which were stained with mud and grime from the streets. She felt embarrassed even standing on the pristine carpet of his study, knowing she’d left dirty footprints behind.

“Let’s skip the futile discussion. What I want is the painting.”

“But please… that painting…”

“The solution is simple: have the painter create another one without the model’s face.”

Liv looked up in surprise. The marquis was still focused on the papers on his desk, not sparing her a glance.

“Would that suffice?”

“If you bring me another piece, I’ll return the one I have.”

Liv, who had been thinking only about gaining a bit more time and somehow scraping together the money, found herself speechless.

A different painting. If she could receive and destroy the one with her face, she wouldn’t mind exposing her back again.

“I’ll tell Brad immediately! It should be possible. I’ll have him work on it as quickly as possible…”

“There’s one condition.” The marquis interrupted Liv’s rambling, speaking slowly, “I want to observe the process.”

“Observe… the process?”

“Of course, alone.”

The process meant the actual painting of the piece. He was saying he wanted to be present while Brad painted Liv.

“Can you accept that?”

The marquis glanced up at Liv.

If she refused now, the mercy she’d just barely earned would vanish like a mirage. Liv hesitated, swallowing hard.

It was impossible to guess his intentions. Watching her hold the same pose for hours, or observing Brad as he worked surrounded by the smell of paint—it was unlikely to hold his interest for even an hour. Yet Liv couldn’t ask why he was making such a condition.

In truth, this wasn’t a situation where her opinion mattered.

Liv nodded slowly.

“Yes.”

“I’ll arrange for the studio. We’ll start next week.”

Liv was about to nod in agreement again but spoke up hastily, “Ah, but I need to discuss it with Brad.”

Even though Brad had violated the agreement, she still needed his cooperation to meet the marquis’s condition.

The marquis narrowed his eyes. Straightening his posture, he leaned slightly against the backrest, placing his gloved hand on the armrest. His fingers, covered in white gloves, tapped rhythmically on the leather.

 “Do you think he might refuse?” muttered the marquis to himself, gazing at Liv thoughtfully. “I hold a slightly different view.”

A faint smile touched his lips—a smile that held no doubt that his wishes would be fulfilled, that others would bow down and comply without hesitation. It was an arrogant smile, one born of certainty.

“…You are right.”

Relying on Brad’s cooperation had been a foolish idea from the start. There was no need for cooperation in their relationship at all.

 

“Are you alright, sister?”

A cautious question broke through her tangled thoughts. Liv shook herself from her reverie and looked up.

“Huh? Of course.”

Seeing Corida’s worried gaze, Liv quickly brightened her expression. She was tired, but in the end, things had gone well.

Brad worked quickly, and once he started, he would throw himself into his work, day and night, without rest. It shouldn’t take too long. The marquis’s oversight was like a thorn lodged in her fingertip, but if there was no way to refuse it, it was better to ignore it and forget.

“Remember when I said I’d take on more work? I think it’ll start next week.”

“Is it hard work?”

“No, nothing like that. Just office support.”

After all, the marquis had seen the painting, recognized that Liv was the model, yet had given her a chance at her request. From his words, it seemed he would keep her identity a secret.

Recalling rumors about how the marquis had no interest in social activities, Liv felt relieved. The marquis she had spoken with was indeed indifferent toward others and didn’t seem the type to use Liv as fleeting gossip.

“Don’t worry, just lock the door properly when I’m not here.”

Still, it wouldn’t hurt to know more, so from now on, Liv decided to listen closely to any stories about the marquis.

 



 

“So, do you know what Marquis Dietrion said? He apparently shouted, ‘How insolent, kneel at once!’”

“That sounds… familiar?”

“Right? It’s like something out of a novel!”

Well, that’s because it is a line from a novel. The male protagonist who said that line was probably created at least fifty years before the marquis, but somehow, the marquis had been credited with it.

As a tutor, it was Liv’s duty to correct Million’s misinformation, but this time, she found herself hesitant to speak up. Though it might just be an exaggerated anecdote, there was still the possibility that he really had said it.

Of course, the Marquis Dietrion she had met did not seem like the type to dramatically shout such a pretentious line.

“Ah, how is the marquis so wonderful? I envy whoever will be his wife in the future.”

Million sighed, resting her face in her hands. Liv awkwardly smiled as she took a sip of her tea.

They were out on a picnic near the lakeside. Baroness Pendence didn’t allow Million to go out alone, so she often requested Liv to accompany her, which Liv gladly agreed to do.

Today was one of those occasions. The lakeside was a popular spot for walks, and Million liked it for the chance to meet peers, even by coincidence.

If only Corida were a bit healthier, she could have come along too.

Watching a group of girls her age chatter and play, Liv lowered her gaze.

“If only he would visit our estate one more time.”

“You said he came because of a statue, right?”

“Yes. It seems the sculpture my mother purchased was an unpublished work by a very famous artist. Apparently, because of that, artworks at auctions have become scarce lately.”

“I see.”

“If it weren’t for art, the marquis would have no reason to visit again. It would be wonderful if we could get that lucky one more time… You said you ran into the marquis that day too, right, teacher?”

“I did.”

“Since that day, I haven’t been able to sleep. Is this what lovesickness feels like?”

Liv smiled wordlessly in response. Million’s flushed cheeks looked endearing to her, though it also made her think of Corida and feel a touch of bitterness.

If Corida were healthy, she might have nurtured a dreamy romantic ideal like Million, rather than worrying about selling her birthday present to pay rent.

“So, teacher, I’ve decided to learn painting!”

“Oh?”

“Yes! My mother found someone, and they’re coming soon.”

“That’s wonderful. Will you show me your work when you’re done?”

“Of course! Just promise you won’t laugh?”

The young girl, smitten by her first love, seemed ready to do anything for it. Liv smiled gently at Million’s flushed face, then quietly turned her gaze away.

Liv, who had spent her days just struggling to make ends meet, was only now learning more about the marquis, whose stories captivated the world. Most of the tales she heard sounded incredibly exaggerated and unrealistic—depictions more fitting of a mythical being than a man.

Before, she might have thought of such tales as mildly entertaining, akin to hearing someone else’s love story. Since they had nothing to do with her, she wouldn’t have given them much thought before moving on. But now, having become entangled with him, she couldn’t be so dismissive.

Liv gazed quietly at the lake’s surface, watching the sunlight glint off the blue water. The strikingly beautiful man’s eyes came to mind.

The rumors couldn’t all be true. Stories spread through word of mouth tend to become embellished, to the point that they’re unrecognizable from the original.

However, there was one thing that was certainly true.

‘An arrogant and cold man.’

That handsome face could pull off anything, but a cold, even frosty expression seemed to be the most natural fit.

He probably never even smiled once in his life.

Liv still couldn’t quite believe that she was entangled with him. At times, it felt like a dream. He was the kind of person it would be extraordinary to even see once in a lifetime.

They lived in different worlds, had different acquaintances, and didn’t even share the same vocabulary. Someone might be thrilled to be linked to such a lofty and noble man, but for Liv, it felt like she’d eaten a meal too rich to digest.

‘If only the work could start soon and end quickly.’

Since the marquis’s oversight had been confirmed, their work schedule was entirely adjusted to his availability. Liv didn’t know what exactly he had told Brad, but when she visited Brad, he already knew everything. Unlike Liv, Brad seemed quite thrilled.

 

“If this goes well, I might end up with an amazing patron!”

 

Brad even had the wild hope that the marquis might take a liking to his work. To Liv, it seemed a hopeless fantasy, but Brad was serious.

“By the way, teacher, do you know?”

Liv, who had been lost in thought, snapped back to attention. She gave Million her habitual smile, trying to clear her complicated thoughts.

Not noticing anything unusual, Million lowered her voice conspiratorially, as if sharing a great secret.

“They say there’s something incredible in Marquis Dietrion’s basement.”

“Something in the basement?”

“Yes. You know how the marquis loves art? Well, apparently, what he truly collects are taxidermy specimens made from living creatures!”

A moment ago, Million had described the marquis as a fairy-tale prince, and now she was turning him into a monster. The abrupt shift was almost amusing, and Liv chuckled softly. Despite her lack of seriousness, Million continued without paying her any mind.

“They say Marquis Dietrion used to be a military officer. So he’s very experienced in killing—not just animals but people too!”

The rumor about him being a former officer had never been confirmed. It was merely speculation from those who had supposedly seen him frequently, but it suited him so well that it eventually became accepted as fact.

No one could verify its authenticity, so people just spoke carelessly, assuming it must be true.

“Hmm…”

And killing people? Liv thought of the cold, detached Marquis Dietrion. It seemed plausible enough.

“They say there’s a secret room in the mansion’s basement where human taxidermy specimens are displayed.”

A dark, eerie basement, a chilling atmosphere, and lifelike taxidermy of nude humans in glass cases—Million’s vivid description made Liv narrow her eyes.

Who knew Million had such a knack for storytelling? She could join a theater company immediately with that talent.

Of course, as the only daughter of a baron, Million had no reason to become a performer, so it was all just Liv’s idle imagination.

It might have been better if Liv herself had that kind of talent. Though the theater might be dismissed as a troupe of clowns by some of the upper class, it was popular among many citizens and made considerable profit. Even if she couldn’t gain social prestige, if she had a knack for it, she could at least secure a stable and ongoing income.

Thinking this, Liv shook her head pointlessly.

 Could anyone be more caught up in delusions than this?

Liv was never skilled at drawing attention or delighting others with witty words. She wasn’t a storyteller, and she was certain she wouldn’t be able to handle being on stage, under everyone’s gaze.

Shaking off her pointless thoughts, Liv decided to focus on her conversation with Million.

“Do you really believe that, Million?”

“Of course not! Just look at his face. What would he gain from doing something like that? It’s all lies made up by people jealous of him.”

Million, who had been full of conviction when talking about the marquis supposedly quoting lines from novels, now laughed dismissively at the taxidermy rumors. Liv gave her a faint smile in return.

Taxidermy…

There were countless rumors about Daaemon Dietrion’s past, just as little was actually known about him. So many people had heard those rumors in passing that even someone like Liv, who typically paid no mind to such gossip, knew of them.

Taxidermy was just one of many, fueled by the fact that the marquis’s mansion was isolated from the city and that the number of people invited there was so few it could be counted on one hand. It had become an eerie urban legend.

Of course, there were indeed members of the upper class who indulged in hobbies too unsavory to display publicly. Liv had heard and seen such things while attending boarding school and working as a tutor. Those kinds of interests had nothing to do with social status or wealth.

So, even if Marquis Dietrion had secret hobbies or a sordid private life, it wouldn’t be surprising.

Perhaps when he insisted on observing the nude painting session, it was just one facet of those hidden pursuits…

“Oh my, teacher! It’s Adrienne!”

Million, who had been engrossed in discussing the marquis’s rumors, suddenly brightened and turned her attention. Her close friend Adrienne was waving at her from afar, accompanied by a few others. Million jumped to her feet excitedly.

Liv quietly watched Million rush over to her friends and began tidying up the space where they had been sitting. As Million’s chaperone, Liv had to keep watch from a respectful distance. It would be wonderful if one of those girls’ parents took a liking to Liv and hired her for additional work.

Liv didn’t feel any bitterness or sorrow over her circumstances, where she had to try to impress young ladies just to secure a job. Her life was too harsh for her to indulge in such indulgent feelings.

Liv moved about busily. The man who had briefly filled her mind quickly faded away.

 



 

The marquis sent a carriage to pick them up from Brad’s studio.

It was a black carriage, without any particular crest. There wasn’t much that stood out from the outside, but once inside, Liv realized that there were no windows.

More precisely, from the outside, it looked like there were windows, but from the inside, she couldn’t see out. The carriage, carrying Brad and Liv, had its doors locked from the outside and traveled for quite a while to an unknown destination.

The secrecy of it all was almost suffocating, and Liv was extremely nervous, but Brad seemed utterly unbothered.

Throughout the journey, he praised the marquis for the kindness of sending a private carriage. He mentioned how comfortable the seats were, how smoothly the carriage moved, and how luxurious the interior was, all while laughing heartily. He even said that the lavish interior was more than enough to look at, so he didn’t mind not being able to see outside.

‘It’s a relief that I’m riding with Brad.’

Liv actually felt reassured. Having the carefree Brad there was better than nothing.

If she had ridden in a carriage like this alone, she would have been overwhelmed with negative thoughts. By the time they arrived, she might have been so terrified that her legs gave out, recalling all the creepy rumors about the marquis she had discussed with Million.

“We’ve arrived, Liv!”

Liv, who had been uncomfortably perched on the edge of the plush carriage seat, quickly lifted her head. Sure enough, the carriage was slowing down just as Brad had said.

Finally, the carriage came to a complete stop, and she heard the sound of a lock being undone from outside. A footman in uniform quietly opened the door and set up a step for them to disembark.

“Welcome. Please follow me.”

A servant, presumably their guide, greeted them politely. Brad, looking thrilled, flushed with excitement at the treatment they were receiving. Liv, her eyes filled with unease, followed the servant, occasionally glancing upward.

A staircase that seemed to stretch endlessly led up to an elegant mansion that looked almost like an illustration from a storybook.

The cream-colored walls held arched windows so transparent she questioned whether they even had glass. The pale blue roof tapered sharply upward, with delicate statues adorning each corner. Against the backdrop of the clear sky, the entire scene looked strikingly beautiful.

“My goodness, are we really working here?”

Brad gawked in disbelief, his head swiveling as he took in the surroundings. He looked ridiculous enough to deserve ridicule for his gawking, but Liv was just as surprised as he was and couldn’t find it in herself to mock him.

The mansion was massive. It stood alone, surrounded by lush gardens and vast fields, making it likely one of the marquis’s villas. Considering Marquis Dietrion’s reputation for avoiding people, it made sense for him to have a secluded villa.

Actually, Liv didn’t even know if this was a remote location. She hadn’t been able to see any of the surroundings during the carriage ride. For all she knew, it could be a private estate within the city.

Dragged to an unknown place with Brad.

Suddenly, Liv remembered the trivial rumors she had shared with Million. At the time, she had brushed off all the dark, sinister stories about the marquis as mere gossip.

‘In a place like this, someone could be killed and it would be easy to cover up…’

All the servants here were surely loyal to the marquis. Even if something happened to her or Brad in this place, no one would ever know.

Like being turned into a taxidermy specimen, for example.

The thought sent shivers down her spine. For some reason, she suddenly remembered the marquis’s detached gaze as he had looked over her bare back. At that moment, it felt as though he hadn’t seen her as a person but rather as an object, something to be evaluated.

Would he wear the same expression when looking at a taxidermy specimen?

“Liv, what’s wrong?”

Brad’s concerned voice jolted Liv out of her thoughts. Brad, who had gone ahead, was now looking down at her from the top of the stairs. Seeing both Brad’s puzzled face and the indifferent gaze of the servant waiting for them, Liv quickly started climbing the hard stone steps.

Once she caught up to Brad, the servant turned again.

The grand entrance to the mansion slowly opened, revealing an opulently decorated interior. As they had been informed in advance, the staff stood in two lines on either side to welcome the guests.

It felt like stepping into the jaws of a snake—one disguised in brilliant, colorful hues to lure its prey. As she looked at all the dazzling, almost painfully bright sights, Liv unconsciously tried to suppress her growing unease.

The heavy door closed behind them.

 



 

Whenever Liv undressed at Brad’s studio, she would always shiver from the cold air.

Over time, she grew accustomed to the chill, but in the beginning, she would tremble from the cold. Especially during winter, she would come back from modeling sessions only to fall ill with a terrible cold. Brad’s studio was drafty, with no proper heating.

Brad’s wife disliked how much time he spent at the studio, so she refused to spend any money fixing it up. Even though Brad called himself an artist, he made only a meager income, and it was his wife who supported their household. Perhaps Brad’s impulsive spending was out of fear that his wife would take away even the small earnings he made from his paintings.

Of course, Liv didn’t concern herself with the circumstances of Brad’s household. What mattered was that the conditions in his studio were terrible.

That was why this place stood in such stark contrast.

“Oh, wow! Look at these vivid colors! And just feel the softness of these brushes!”

Brad was in awe, his mouth spilling out exclamations nonstop.

Even Liv, who knew little about painting supplies, could tell that everything in the studio was top quality. Brad looked like he might faint from excitement as he examined each of the provided materials.

Even when he sat down at the canvas, his admiration didn’t stop. Liv, with a half-resigned expression, positioned herself in front of the canvas. She, too, was secretly impressed with the well-equipped studio, though not to the same degree as Brad. The sofa and bed provided for her were, unsurprisingly, the highest quality.

What surprised her most, however, was how warm the studio felt.

Brad often mentioned that painting was a sensitive process, affected by temperature and humidity. He would grumble about his wife’s unwillingness to spend even a penny to make the studio more suitable for his work. Because of that, Liv never complained about the cold air in the studio.

But here, it was definitely warmer than Brad’s studio. It was so unusual that Liv rubbed her exposed arm slowly. Despite the warmth, she had goosebumps.

“I had it prepared so that nothing would interfere with the work. Is there anything else you need?”

 Both Liv and Bred, lost in their own thoughts, turned their heads simultaneously. They hadn’t even heard the door open, and they had no idea when the marquis had entered the studio. The marquis stood there, looking at them.

With his hands clasped behind his back, the marquis’s blue eyes glanced past Brad before settling on Liv. Seeing his face again after a few days, Liv found that it was even more handsome and elegant than she remembered. The navy frock coat, the vest underneath, and the silk shirt all suited him perfectly.

Liv, who was undressed for the work, instinctively crossed her arms over her chest. Seeing the marquis impeccably dressed made her suddenly self-conscious of her own bare skin. The sense of shame and embarrassment she had first felt when posing as a nude model resurfaced.

She had thought she could endure the session calmly since she had already bared her back to the marquis once before, and it had been fine. But now Liv realized she had overestimated herself. The reason she had managed it last time was simply because she had been too desperate to feel shame.

“Marquis, it’s truly an honor! I will make sure to create a masterpiece for you!”

The marquis, who had been staring at Liv, turned his gaze to Brad.

“If anything is lacking, tell the attendant, and it will be taken care of immediately.”

“Everything is perfect! It’s more than enough!”

The moment the marquis’s gaze left her, Liv turned her head away, almost as if fleeing. She had been sitting casually on the bed, and now she pulled the soft, white blanket over herself, carefully covering her body. The thin fabric barely concealed her skin, but it provided her with some comfort.

However, it was only temporary.

The marquis glanced at Liv, his voice dripping with sarcasm.

“Surely you don’t think you can call it a nude painting if you cover yourself like that?”

“Of course not! Liv, put that blanket away now!”

Brad shouted at Liv in a panic, as if she had made a grave mistake. He was likely eager to make a good impression on the marquis, but his overly forceful tone made Liv uncomfortable.

However, arguing with Brad about his tone in front of the marquis was out of the question, so Liv obediently pulled the blanket away. As she did, a low, composed voice spoke from behind her.

“Are you always this sharp during work?”

“What? Oh, no…”

“I understand that artists are often temperamental, but frankly, your tone is bothersome.”

“I-I’m sorry! I’ll be more careful!”

The marquis seemed pickier than most artists.

Listening to the conversation from behind her, Liv became convinced of this. A painter’s job was to paint well, yet here was the marquis, critiquing every little detail of the exchange between the artist and the model. It was peculiar, to say the least. Brad was probably the only painter who had to watch his tone even when speaking to his model during work.

Did the marquis request to observe just to nitpick?

‘Maybe that’s exactly it.’

Liv belatedly considered the possibility. Perhaps the marquis was displeased with her and Brad, and this was his way of punishing them. He might have taken offense at their initial dispute over the painting, as a noble like him was likely unaccustomed to being refused.

Especially someone like Daaemon Dietrion.

With that thought, Liv began to worry about the entire situation. The work had been difficult from the outset, and she wondered if it could ever proceed smoothly. Maybe she should just offer to compensate him with money…

No, that wasn’t possible. No matter how much the marquis had paid for the painting, Liv couldn’t afford to repay him.

There was no way out of this. She was already in the mansion, already undressed. Her only option was to get through the work as quickly as possible. So Liv hoped that Brad would at least feel a bit of urgency. If he sensed something was amiss, perhaps he would try to finish the work faster.

Unfortunately, Brad was busy apologizing to the marquis, his tone reverent.

Liv sighed and pushed the blanket completely aside. Listening to Brad, who was so desperate to impress the marquis, made the tension that had wrapped around her neck begin to dissipate.

“It seems the model is ready.”

No, perhaps the tension hadn’t dissipated after all. At the sound of the marquis’s voice, Liv’s shoulders flinched.

“Let’s get started.”

Liv took a deep breath and silently prayed.

She hoped that the marquis would grow bored quickly of the tedious work in the studio, surrounded by nothing but the smell of paint.

The marquis had chosen a spot in the corner of the studio to sit, where a single armchair and some wine had been prepared for him. Contrary to her fears that he might harass her or click his tongue in disdain at her, the marquis quietly observed the session. Even Brad, who initially seemed overly cautious about the marquis, gradually picked up speed as he worked. Once he got started, it appeared he could focus well enough.

Unfortunately, Liv could not.

She felt his gaze too keenly on her bare skin.

Perhaps it was all in her mind. No, it was certainly just her imagination. She was aware of the marquis’s presence, which made her feel his eyes on her, even if they weren’t actually there.

Not knowing what the marquis was doing, with her back turned to him, made her even more on edge. She wished she could just forget he was there, but the faint scent of wine lingering amid the smell of paint constantly reminded her of his presence.

In truth, Liv had assumed he would only stay for about an hour.

Even an hour seemed excessive. She thought thirty minutes would be plenty to commend his patience. After all, how interesting could it be to watch a sketch in progress, with the model sitting motionless?

But to her surprise, the marquis remained even after an hour had passed.

‘But how much longer can he endure?’

Brad tended to keep working for hours once he was focused, as long as he wasn’t interrupted. If Brad managed to forget about the marquis and concentrate solely on his painting, this session could end up taking even longer than expected.

For now, the marquis seemed interested, sipping his wine as he watched. But soon enough, he would lose interest.

So Liv focused harder than ever, trying to match Brad’s instructions perfectly. She recalled the few models she had seen in paintings and mimicked them. Just as she was beginning to adjust to the unfamiliar studio environment…

Crash!

A loud noise suddenly shattered the silence. Up until that point, the only sounds had been the scratch of a pencil and the occasional breath. The sudden clamor was jarringly loud and sharp.

Liv jumped, startled, and instinctively turned toward the source of the noise. She saw a broken wine glass, shattered in pieces on the floor, with red liquid spilled all around.

“Oh my! Are you alright, Marquis?!”

Brad hastily dropped his pencil, abandoning the progress he had just made.

“Ah, my hand slipped.”

The marquis spoke with little interest. Brad, fussing over whether he was injured, rushed out of the studio to fetch a servant.

It wasn’t until she heard the studio door slam shut behind Brad that Liv snapped out of her daze and quickly wrapped herself in the blanket. She had no intention of exposing herself to any servant who might come in to clean up the spilled wine.

Liv wrapped the blanket tightly around herself and glanced toward the marquis. He was still sitting on the sofa, his long legs propped up on a stool, with a thick cigar in his hand.

He always seemed like the type who would frown at the smell of cigar smoke, someone meticulous to a fault.

Caught off guard by the unexpected sight, Liv’s eyes widened slightly.

The marquis spoke in a cold voice, “Pardon me.”

Though the words were an apology, the tone was more like an authoritative command. Liv found it overly polite for him to even use the word “pardon,” so she averted her gaze and quietly replied that it was fine. Soon, the thick scent of the cigar began to blend with the lingering wine aroma.

Liv was drawn to the scent and looked up again. The marquis, who always seemed perfectly composed, looked almost indulgent with the cigar in his mouth. He seemed lost in thought, his eyes closed, as if oblivious to her gaze.

His disregard of her presence gave Liv a strange sense of courage. For the first time, she observed him without fear or anxiety. His slightly disheveled platinum hair, his handsome nose, and his firmly closed lips looked as though they had been sculpted by a master artist.

And those long arms and legs—though his attire was rather common, on him, it looked like the finest of garments.

Liv’s gaze shifted to his hand, draped casually over the armrest. He was wearing white gloves.

‘Huh?’

Liv stared at the floor with a puzzled expression. She could still see the splattered wine stains. Liv tilted her head slightly.

The moment she felt a hint of confusion, the marquis, who had been sitting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened them.

Startled, Liv quickly looked away. She clutched the blanket tighter around her shoulders, just as the studio door opened and Brad returned.

“S-Sorry, but there were no servants nearby…”

Brad stammered, bowing apologetically. The marquis, who had been watching Brad with a disinterested expression, stood up.

“Let’s end the session here.”

 “Pardon? But I was just starting to get into the zone…,” Brad muttered, his eyes wide, but he immediately shut his mouth when he met the marquis’s gaze.

Swallowing dryly, he forced a smile and nodded. “Ah, yes. Of course. I’ll clean up! Haha.”

The marquis placed the barely smoked cigar in the ashtray and left the studio with an indifferent expression.

Brad, who had bowed several times to the back of the marquis’s head, continued to fidget even after the studio door closed. Only when the sound of footsteps had completely disappeared did he finally relax, his legs giving way as he sank into a chair with a sigh of relief.

Liv, who had been quietly observing the situation while wrapped in a blanket, gathered her discarded clothes. She had deliberately brought clothing that was easy to put on and take off, so it didn’t take her long to get dressed.

As she smoothed out the crumpled hem of her skirt, Liv cautiously asked Brad a question.

“There were no servants?”

“Nope. I think they withdrew to avoid disturbing the work. I just came back because I figured I’d get lost if I kept wandering. This place is huge.”

Liv lowered her gaze, glancing briefly at Brad as he wiped his cold sweat away with his sleeve.

When they first arrived, the number of attendants who greeted them easily exceeded ten. Considering the mansion’s size, it was only natural that even more full-time staff would be present. Since the mansion seemed to be in a secluded area, there were likely separate accommodations for the staff.

Was it possible that so many people weren’t stationed nearby the master of the house?

“Brad, don’t you think it’s a bit odd?”

“Odd?”

Liv’s eyes turned to the floor. The wine pooling there and the shattered glass fragments.

“I just don’t think the marquis is the type to drop a wine glass by accident.”

“He’s still human. Maybe it was the alcohol.”

Having regained his composure, Brad brushed off Liv’s concern as he began preparing to leave.

“I think it’s refreshing—makes him more relatable!”

Dropping the glass far enough away that it didn’t spill on him—was that really an accident?

Was he not trying to disrupt the work?

Liv bit her lower lip hard.

Was she being too sensitive? Overthinking things? Was she attributing too much significance to each of his meaningless actions, simply because she was too conscious of him?

Liv recalled the marquis’s face as he had just left. He always looked indifferent, as if everything was a bother. Occasionally, irritation flickered across his features, but that was all.

Fundamentally, the marquis had shown little interest in either Liv or Brad. He merely observed the work in silence, as they had agreed upon.

So why did she feel this way?

Why did it feel as though she had caught the interest of someone who was both malicious and cruel?

 



 

Despite all the unease and suspicions Liv felt on the first day, the work progressed step by step.

The marquis continued to attend each session without fail, often interrupting under the guise of making a mistake.

“Under the guise of making a mistake”—that was purely Liv’s assumption. However, she was quite certain her assumption was correct. No matter how she looked at it, the timing of the marquis’s supposed “mistakes” was suspicious.

The marquis would usually disrupt things just as Brad was getting into a rhythm, making noise to break the concentration in the studio. As a result, the nude painting was still just a barely completed sketch. Compared to Brad’s usual working speed, progress was significantly slower.

Moreover, all the work was done at the marquis’s discretion, so even when they wanted to continue, they had to stop as soon as he said so, without a word of complaint.

Liv had initially believed that the work would be over quickly, given Brad’s speed, but she hadn’t accounted for the limitations of their current environment. The marquis provided the studio, and they could only work while he was present, which was a considerable hindrance. No matter how quickly Brad worked, it didn’t matter.

Everything was determined by the marquis’s whims. At first, Brad was thrilled and praised the marquis endlessly, but even he began to notice something was amiss.

But what could they do about it? There was nothing they could do.

Brad tried to stay optimistic.

 

“If the marquis really wanted to make us suffer, he could’ve done it in countless easier ways. There’s no way he’d go through the trouble of giving us this grand mansion as a studio.”

 

Brad wasn’t wrong. If the marquis truly wanted to torment Brad and Liv, there were far less cumbersome methods he could have chosen.

Providing an entire grand mansion as a studio, preparing luxurious art supplies, sending a carriage for them regularly, and personally overseeing each session—these were all cumbersome efforts for the marquis as well.

 

“Don’t worry, Liv. I’ll work faster.”

 

Liv had no choice but to rely on Brad’s words. Regardless of the hidden reasons behind this inexplicable situation, nothing would change even if they discovered them.

It was too late to stop the work now. They had no option but to complete the painting as quickly as possible and hand it over to the marquis.

“Teacher!”

Lost in thought, Liv was startled out of her reverie. Realizing where she was, she quickly shook off her musings. The cheerful voice calling her belonged to Million.

Million was dressed to impress, adorned in a sky-blue dress with colorful floral decorations and jewelry that looked expensive at a glance. It was clear to anyone that Million was the star of the day.

Today was Million’s birthday.

“Teacher, thank you so much for coming!”

The birthday party was held in the backyard of the Baron Pendence’s residence, an outdoor party. As befitting the cherished only daughter of Baron Pendence, the party was full of care and splendor.

There were many guests, both adults and children, and it would have been easy for Liv’s presence to go unnoticed. Yet Million, somehow, spotted Liv the moment she entered and came rushing over.

A few curious glances followed her as Million ran, but Liv ignored them, smiling at the girl.

“Happy birthday, Million.”

Although she had considered declining the invitation, Liv couldn’t ignore the birthday party of a student she taught. Still, she felt awkward.

Her outfit was neat, but far too simple for the party, and the hastily prepared gift she brought felt inadequate. She was so embarrassed by it that she decided to discreetly place it among the other presents, rather than hand it to Million directly.

“My parents are over there!”

Ideally, Liv would have liked to hand over the present and leave. Baron Pendence and his wife were aware of Liv’s ailing younger sister, Corida, so using her as an excuse, she might be able to make an early exit.

Though she felt a bit guilty, Liv knew that staying at an event like this wouldn’t benefit her in any way.

“Father, Mother. Teacher is here!”

Led by Million, they approached Baron Pendence and his wife, who were busy entertaining guests. Upon seeing Liv, Baroness Pendence beamed.

“Teacher Rodaise!”

Baroness Pendence warmly took Liv’s hand and led her to meet her acquaintances.

“This is Teacher Rodaise, who oversees Million’s cultural lessons. Teacher, please say hello. This is Countess Blaise.”

Countess Blaise was Adrienne’s mother, Million’s close friend. Liv quickly and politely greeted her.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Liv Rodaise.”

“Oh, you’re the lovely teacher Million always talks about?”

Countess Blaise laughed pleasantly, accepting Liv’s greeting. Liv had always thought Adrienne, who often led around a group of friends, was exceptionally sociable. Now it made sense; she had inherited that trait from her mother.

Liv found herself feeling a small sense of warmth toward the countess, who approached her without regard for status.

“If Adrienne didn’t already have a long-time tutor, I would’ve asked you to come right away!”

“Thank you for saying so, Countess.”

“Teacher Rodaise is a graduate of Clemence Boarding School. Her academic skills are remarkable.”

Upon Baroness Pendence’s proud introduction, another lady standing beside Countess Blaise exclaimed in admiration.

“My goodness, a Clemence graduate? I must remember that.”

Initially, Liv intended to leave after giving Million her gift, but she adjusted her plan slightly. Most of the guests attending Million’s party were likely parents with children around her age. It wouldn’t hurt to stay a bit longer and make a good impression.

With Baroness Pendence’s help, Liv introduced herself to several ladies. They were all of similar social standing to the Pendence family, with a suitable level of refinement. Liv did her best to appear as a reliable and dignified tutor.

However, the interest in a young, beautiful tutor from Clemence Boarding School didn’t last long. Soon enough, the ladies’ conversation moved on to other topics. Liv lingered a while longer before discreetly stepping away as another new guest joined the group. Million, surrounded by her friends, was busy receiving birthday wishes.

Liv hesitated for a moment. Should she leave her gift and go? With so many guests, her early departure would likely go unnoticed.

As she fiddled with the small gift box she held, someone approached her.

“Teacher Rodaise?”

Since there weren’t many people who would address her this way besides Million or Baroness Pendence, Liv looked up, a bit surprised.

The person who had spoken was a young man with curly black hair and pale blue eyes. He had a healthy complexion, with faint freckles scattered across his cheeks, which somehow suited him quite well.

He smiled warmly at Liv, his eyes widening slightly, and greeted her politely.

“Hello, my name is Camille Marcel.”

 


“…I’m Liv Rodaise.”

Even as she introduced herself, Liv couldn’t shake her confusion. The man before her was quite handsome, but she couldn’t understand why he was approaching her.

After all, this was Million’s birthday party, and the attendees were either Million’s friends, their parents, or acquaintances of Baron and Baroness Pendence.

So, it stood to reason that this man was also somehow connected…

“You seem surprised that I approached you so suddenly.”

“I’m afraid so, yes.”

When Liv agreed plainly, Camille laughed cheerfully.

“I spoke to you because I was genuinely glad to see you. You may not know me, but I happen to know a little about you.”

Before Liv could misunderstand, Camille quickly added, “Million often talks about you during her painting lessons.”

“Ah… so, are you…?”

Now that she thought about it, Liv vaguely remembered Million mentioning she had found an art teacher.

Liv tried to recall what Million had chattered about, but she couldn’t remember much. Million often spoke about a wide variety of topics, and Liv had barely paid attention to the mentions of her new art teacher. What she did remember was being surprised at the name of the school the teacher had graduated from. It was impressive, and Liv thought it befitting of the Pendence family to hire someone with such credentials.

“You’re the one who graduated from Eglantine School of Arts…”

“Yes, I’m Million’s new art teacher.”

Camille nodded, his eyes crinkling warmly, before frowning playfully.

“It seems Million has mentioned me to you. I hope she only said good things.”

“Of course, they were good things.”

Liv quickly searched her memory. Apart from his credentials, all she could recall was Million saying he was handsome.

At the time, she had brushed it off, thinking Million was simply at an age when one starts noticing the opposite sex. It wasn’t exactly praise she could relay directly to the person in question. Perhaps it would be better to compliment his skills instead?

“Judging by your hesitation…?”

“No, really, it was good. She mentioned how handsome you are…!”

Seeing Camille look down dejectedly, Liv hurriedly opened her mouth, then hastily closed it again. But it was too late—the words had already slipped out.

Liv blinked in embarrassment, about to apologize, but Camille burst out laughing first.

“Haha, that’s quite a compliment! I should thank Million for that.”

Thankfully, Camille didn’t seem offended at all.

After all, it wasn’t a bad thing to hear, so maybe it was fine.

Liv felt a sense of relief, though her face still showed her awkwardness as she turned her gaze away.

“In fact, Million often boasts about you, Teacher Rodaise. I’ve wanted to meet you, so I’m delighted to have this opportunity.”

“Thank you for thinking so highly of me, Teacher Marcel.”

“Please, just call me Camille.”

“I couldn’t possibly…”

“I only ask because I’d like to call you Liv.”

Liv’s eyes widened. For a moment, she was too stunned to speak, then she eyed Camille with a curious expression.

Though her life had been consumed by work, Liv had received attention from a few male students back at boarding school.

She might not have much experience, but she wasn’t so oblivious that she couldn’t recognize romantic interest.

“I’m sorry, but we just met today, so I think it’s best if we maintain proper decorum.”

Camille’s bewildered look vanished in an instant as he composed himself, his expression turning somewhat apologetic.

“Oh, I apologize if I made you uncomfortable. I was just eager, that’s all.”

“It’s alright. It seems Million spoke very highly of me.”

What could Million have said to make a stranger immediately show such interest in her? Liv decided she would subtly remind Million to be cautious during their next lesson.

“I’ve never been accused of being impolite before, but it seems I’ve made a poor impression on our first meeting. It’s quite embarrassing.”

To show his sincerity, a faint blush rose on Camille’s cheeks. His warm, friendly demeanor and awkwardness made it difficult for anyone to stay angry at him.

Perhaps his looks had worked to his advantage more than once?

With that thought in mind, Liv took a step back. “It’s alright. Courtesy isn’t a one-time thing. As long as it’s maintained in the future, all is well.”

“I see… Million said you were strict.”

Strict?

Liv was genuinely puzzled and looked over at Million in the distance.

Strict? Million must never have met a truly strict teacher if she thought of Liv that way.

Noticing Liv’s bewilderment, Camille’s smile softened. “Actually, Million says you’re her favorite teacher. I wanted to ask for some advice on teaching.”

“I’m not sure my teaching methods are anything noteworthy.”

“But surely you can give me some guidance on appropriate boundaries? It’s my first time teaching a young girl, and I’m cautious about everything. I can’t very well bring this up with Baroness Pendence—it would be too embarrassing as a teacher. If meeting me in person is uncomfortable, even a brief letter would suffice.”

He probably did have some concerns, being a male teacher instructing a young girl for the first time. Giving him some advice would also be in Million’s best interest.

After a moment of thought, Liv nodded. “If it’s about Million, I can offer some advice.”

“Thank you.”

Camille, who had briefly seemed discouraged, quickly brightened again. He seemed like someone naturally optimistic and cheerful.

After giving Camille an address where he could send his letters, Liv decided it was time to finally leave the party.

She scanned the area, looking for the pile of gifts to leave hers among them. Her eyes fixed on the party entrance.

Was it just her imagination? The entrance seemed unusually noisy and bustling. Liv watched curiously as Baron and Baroness Pendence rushed toward the commotion, looking flustered.

…Liv had seen a similar scene before. On the day Baroness Pendence had been surprised by an unexpected visitor while offering Liv tea.

The day she first met Daaemon Dietrion.

“Could it be…”

Liv’s mouth opened slightly in disbelief. Camille, who had approached her side unnoticed, looked toward the entrance and whistled softly.

“I didn’t expect to see someone like him at a gathering like this.”

A man stood out among the crowd. Even after blinking several times, his face didn’t disappear.

It was Marquis Dietrion.

Liv had never openly stared at anyone like this before. But at this moment, she couldn’t tear her gaze away from the marquis.

Not only Liv but everyone at the party was staring at him in shock. They were likely all thinking the same thing.

Could the marquis have really come just to celebrate Baron Pendence’s daughter’s birthday?

Surely he had some other important reason.

‘But wouldn’t showing up like this count as attending the party?’

A sudden thought made Liv glance over. Million, who had been playing with her friends, was now approaching her parents with a bright red face. Her friends stood behind her, their expressions unreadable.

The baron and baroness, their faces flushed, introduced their beloved daughter to the marquis. They seemed to be inviting him to stay, but when the marquis shook his head, they looked slightly disappointed.

It seemed the marquis intended to leave after meeting them. Standing awkwardly among the adults, Million kept glancing at the marquis’s face, her cheeks flushed.

Suddenly, Liv began to feel a bit worried.

For the baron and baroness, this was a wonderful opportunity to show off their connection to the marquis, but for Million…

“It’s surprising. He doesn’t seem like someone who enjoys large gatherings.”

Lost in thought, Liv turned at Camille’s words. He was watching the marquis with a vague smile, prompting Liv to ask cautiously.

“…Do you know Marquis Dietrion well?”

“Me? No, of course not. I just know as much as everyone else does.”

Yet his earlier comment sounded as if he knew him quite well.

Liv tilted her head slightly, but Camille narrowed his eyes playfully and asked in a teasing tone, “Are you interested in the marquis as well, Teacher?”

The question sounded as if he were asking whether she, too, was one of the many women enamored with the marquis’s looks. Liv put on a deliberately curt expression.

“Is there anyone in Buerno who isn’t interested in Marquis Dietrion?”

“Haha, you’re right!”

Camille burst into laughter at Liv’s retort. Though they stood in a secluded corner, his laughter was loud enough to draw a few glances their way.

And among those who looked over was the marquis himself.

 Wait, was he there?

Liv thought she had made eye contact with the marquis for a moment, but perhaps it was just her imagination.

Yes. It must have been her imagination. How could the marquis notice her in such a large crowd, and even if he did, why would he pay any attention to her? Lately, she had been entangled with the marquis in the most absurd ways, which had made her overly sensitive.

Still, what had brought him here so suddenly?

Million had mentioned that the marquis and the baron had become acquainted through an art deal. If the transaction was finished, there would be no reason to see him again, right? Or was there a new artwork involved?

Liv cautiously assumed that her name wouldn’t come up in the conversation between the marquis and the Pendence couple. After all, it wouldn’t benefit the marquis in any way.

…Would it?

Seeing Liv’s eyes fixed on the marquis, Camille sighed softly. Then he whispered, as if sharing a secret, “It’s true that I’ve heard a little more about the marquis. There are many nobles who cherish and love beautiful art, and I often mingled with such people. Naturally, one comes across various stories, even if they aren’t specifically about the marquis.”

On the surface, Camille’s words sounded like an explanation of an artist who was skilled at securing noble patronage.

However, if he were just an ordinary artist, why would the nobles share their private stories in front of him?

Liv easily grasped the key point hidden in Camille’s vague words.

“…Are you a noble?”

“Not much of one.”

Perhaps noticing the discomfort on Liv’s face, Camille waved his hands dismissively. “Regardless of my origins, I’m just an art teacher struggling to make ends meet from the Pendence family. Life is really tough these days! I haven’t even lived in my new place for a month, and the crazy landlord is already trying to raise the rent.”

Camille sighed, touching his forehead as if genuinely troubled.

If he were truly a noble of some standing, there would be no reason for him to rent a place, so it seemed his words were true.

Nowadays, there were plenty of noble titles that were merely for show, and rumors even circulated about people buying and selling titles in secret. Being a noble didn’t necessarily mean living an extraordinary life.

Initially hesitant to even consider getting closer to Camille, Liv found herself feeling some sympathy for his circumstances. She felt somewhat relieved, and a comfortable smile appeared on her face.

“Still, living in Buerno is more manageable compared to other cities. Just look at Feron—trying to rent a place of similar quality there would cost two to three times as much.”

At Liv’s casual remark, Camille let out a low exclamation and asked, “Wow, have you lived in Feron?”

“…Just for a short time.”

Feron was the capital of the country. As befitting a capital, it was more glamorous, larger, and more populated than any other city. Liv had liked living there.

Until her parents had their accident in that city.

“If you were a noble, there’s no way I wouldn’t know about it!”

“It’s only natural you wouldn’t know. Because I’m not.”

Thinking about Feron only brought Liv sadness. She forced herself to focus on something else and lifted her head.

At that moment, she noticed the marquis seemed to be preparing to leave. The baron and baroness were smiling brightly as they saw him off, and Million stood by her parents, trembling slightly.

“Just having you here has made this the most wonderful birthday gift for Million.”

She heard Baron Pendence laughing heartily. The marquis glanced briefly at Million. Though Liv stood far away, it was easy to imagine the cold look he must have given her.

Liv glanced at Million with concern before turning her gaze to where the other young ladies were gathered. The young ladies were busy whispering behind their hands, constantly glancing between Million and the marquis. They were undoubtedly gossiping about him.

Memories of her boarding school days surfaced—particularly the early days.

‘No, it’ll be alright.’

Watching the marquis disappear beyond the party entrance, Liv tried to quell her growing worries. Her school days were merely her personal experiences. The idea that Million might go through something similar was just her own imagination.

Even if trouble arose, would it be her place to intervene? Worrying over unnecessary things was unproductive; it would be more useful to focus on her own situation. Right now, she needed to worry about whether the marquis had mentioned her to the Pendence couple.

The only saving grace was that, judging by the baroness’s demeanor, it didn’t seem like Marquis Dietrion had said anything particularly bad about her. If he had mentioned Liv, Baroness Pendence would have surely sought her out.

“I should get going,” Liv said to Camille, her voice heavy with fatigue.

Camille kindly suggested they meet again soon, and Liv finally left the mansion, only relaxing when she was far enough away.

She had attended the party to celebrate Million’s birthday, but on her way back, all that remained was the unsettling feeling stirred up by Marquis Dietrion.

 



 

Not long after Million’s birthday, a letter arrived from the Pendence family.

It stated that Million was very ill and unable to attend her lessons for the time being. Liv had sent a reply last week, full of concern and wishing for Million’s swift recovery.

Not knowing when the lessons might resume made it difficult to find additional work. To make use of her free time, Liv had spent several days wandering the neighborhood, hoping to pick up some sewing work.

Though her efforts had been largely fruitless, it felt better to do something than just sit idly.

“Sister…”

Liv, bustling about to prepare for another outing, turned at the sound of Corida’s weak voice. Her sister’s pale face looked hesitant as she gazed at Liv.

“Hmm?”

“Um, Mr. Pomel came by while you were out.”

Hearing Pomel’s name made Liv groan reflexively. “I was actually planning to see him today anyway. I should’ve taken care of it sooner, but I’ve been so scatterbrained lately.”

“Okay. And…”

Corida, who had been fidgeting with her hands, lowered her gaze and spoke hesitantly, “I’m out of medicine.”

Liv froze. Because she was often away for various reasons, Corida was used to managing her own medication. As a result, when she wasn’t paying close attention, it was easy for them to lose track and run out without realizing.

Feeling a pang of guilt, Liv gently stroked Corida’s head. “Since when?”

“Oh, not long.”

That meant she had endured her pain without medicine for at least several days. Liv stifled a sigh and hugged Corida tightly.

“I’m sorry. I’ll go get it right away.”

“It’s not urgent, sister!”

“Just wait a little while. I’ll be back soon.”

Corida’s idea of “urgent” was when she was in a truly dire state, coughing up blood. The fact that she had even brought it up meant she was already in a dangerous condition.

Liv grabbed what little money they had left and headed out the door. Aside from the extra payment for Pomel, all the remaining money would be spent on Corida’s medicine.

Perhaps she should ask Baroness Pendence if she could receive her salary a bit early.

‘If only I hadn’t bought Million that birthday gift, we could have lasted a few more days.’

As Liv hurried down the narrow, dirty alley, mentally calculating her expenses, she let out a bitter smile.

How shameful and petty a thought.

The fact that she couldn’t even afford to celebrate her student’s birthday properly was pitiful. But since there was no immediate solution to her predicament, it was natural for her to seek something to blame. Though, in truth, no one was at fault.

If there was any blame to be had, it was hers. She should have checked Corida’s medicine earlier, but she had neglected it in the midst of her busy schedule.

“Hello! Long time no see, Liv!”

The pharmacy wasn’t far from their home. When choosing a place to live, Liv had made sure it was close to the pharmacy so she could always rush over for medicine. Of course, the main reason she lived in this area was because it was the cheapest in Buerno.

The pharmacist greeted Liv warmly, just as if she were an old friend. Liv smiled faintly in return.

“Hello. I’m here to buy some medicine.”

“I was wondering why you hadn’t come by recently.”

The pharmacist grinned and began preparing the usual medicine. Since Liv always bought the same kind, there was no need for a prescription.

While expertly packaging the medicine, the pharmacist suddenly raised his voice to speak, “Did you hear? There was an announcement about a new drug from Dominian.”

“A new drug?”

The medical research institute affiliated with Dominian Academy distributed medicine throughout the entire continent. If they had announced a new drug, it meant it could soon be commercialized.

“Yes. From what I heard, it sounds like it could be perfect for someone like Corida. You should look into it.”

“Do you think it will be available here?”

“Unfortunately, a new drug like that won’t make it to a backwater pharmacy like this.”

The medicine Corida currently took merely kept her condition from deteriorating further. But if there was a drug that could actually cure her…

 The excitement she had felt was fleeting. The most pressing matter was the cost of the medicine. She couldn’t even begin to imagine how expensive a new drug would be.

“But Liv, since you work for a noble family, maybe you could use your connections to get it somehow?”

Liv gave an awkward smile. The pharmacist seemed to take it as shyness on her part.

Whenever the topic of her job came up, Liv would often try to change the subject, but the oblivious pharmacist always brought it up again. It seemed he meant well, perhaps trying to flatter her.

Unfortunately, Liv only found it uncomfortable.

“Liv, isn’t it the Pendence family you work for?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“See! It’s already all over town! They say that the Pendence family is really close with Marquis Dietrion. Have you ever seen him? They say he visits often, like they’re practically best friends!”

Million’s birthday party had only been a short while ago, yet the rumors had already spread throughout the city. Liv thought about how popular the marquis must be and forced a regretful expression.

“I only go there to teach and leave right after. I’m not sure.”

Liv’s convincingly casual act seemed to do the trick, as the apothecary sighed without suspicion.

“Huh, what a shame. I used to think the marquis was some kind of ghost, but I guess he really is a living, breathing human. The servants at the Pendence estate can’t seem to stop gossiping about him! As if any of them have actually seen more than just his back from a distance.”

“I see. Here’s the money for the medicine.”

Liv subtly tried to end the conversation by paying, but the pharmacist kept chatting away, undeterred.

“Liv, if you time your visits well, maybe you could catch a glimpse of the marquis from afar. Try asking the student you’re teaching.”

“What would I gain from seeing the marquis?”

“What do you mean? You could try to catch the eye of one of the handsome men working for him! I bet they get paid quite well. Important folks like the marquis are always surrounded by dozens of attendants, surely there’s at least one decent guy among them!”

It seemed today wasn’t going to be an exception.

Liv’s expression turned bitter. The pharmacist had been making similar suggestions ever since they first met. He’d tell her about sons from good families or men with stable jobs, always giving his unsolicited advice.

Liv knew he said such things out of pity for her—caring for a sick younger sister while making a living alone. The pharmacist seemed to think that marriage was the best way for Liv to escape her difficult circumstances.

It wasn’t just talk; he’d even tried to introduce her to men in the past, carefully selecting potential matches as if he were genuinely invested in finding her a suitable husband.

It never ended well. Liv had reluctantly accepted his arrangements a couple of times but eventually made it clear, politely yet firmly, that she didn’t need his help in that regard. Since then, he’d shifted to making these kinds of “helpful” remarks instead.

“No, thank you.”

“Liv, you can’t take care of Corida all on your own forever. The world is a harsh place, you know? You should meet someone nice before it’s too late. Even if he’s older, with your looks, you could easily win someone over. I only say this because I think of you and Corida like my own daughters.”

“I appreciate the concern, but I’m not interested. Do you have all the medicine ready? I should get going. See you next time.”

Liv quickly said her goodbyes, gathered the medicine, and left. Behind her, she could hear the pharmacist calling out, “Don’t just ignore my advice!” as if his voice were trailing after her. Liv pressed a hand to her aching head and quickened her pace.

She intended to head straight home, but as she stood at the entrance of a narrow, dirty alley, she paused and, on an impulse, changed direction.

She knew she should hurry back to give the medicine to Corida, but she couldn’t bear the heavy weight pressing down on her heart without finding some way to ease it first.

She walked aimlessly until she found herself at a familiar chapel she often visited.

For a moment, Liv felt a pang of emptiness, realizing that this was the only place she could think to go. But she had nowhere else to turn.

Feeling drained, she slumped her shoulders and trudged into the chapel. Someone in the courtyard greeted her, but she was too weary to respond.

Liv chose a secluded spot at the far end of the chapel. She didn’t even look up at the statue of the deity, nor did she pay attention to who else might be there. She simply sat down, placed the medicine packet on her lap, and stared at it in silence.

Medicine.

She had to spend everything they had on this small packet of medicine. All the money she had painstakingly saved for their living expenses was gone, just for this tiny handful of pills.

Liv traced the edge of the packet with her fingers, biting her lip hard.

In truth, she didn’t believe in God.

She had never thought that fervently praying would somehow help her overcome her hardships.

Because God had never once answered her prayers.

“……”

Drip.

Round teardrops fell onto the medicine packet. No matter how hard she bit her lip or clenched her jaw, she couldn’t hold back the tears once they had started.

 

“Liv, you can’t take care of Corida all on your own forever.”

 

In truth, caring for Corida by herself was incredibly difficult.

Sometimes she resented her late parents, blaming them even though their deaths weren’t their fault. She had cursed them for leaving her with such a heavy burden.

 

“The world is a harsh place, you know? You should meet someone nice before it’s too late.”

 

She didn’t want to keep struggling to make a living, missing her chance to settle down like everyone else.

When she graduated from boarding school, Liv had her own dreams for the future. In those dreams, she imagined herself living a happier, more stable, and more loved life.

Why wouldn’t she? After all, she, too, had been a girl full of dreams.

She knew the pharmacist’s suggestion wasn’t a bad one. But she couldn’t bring herself to sell her love and marriage for the sake of escaping her harsh life, just to gain a little more comfort.

To others, her reluctance might seem like foolish pride, but to her, it was the last shred of dignity she had.

…In truth, she, too, longed to be cared for by someone. She just refused to throw herself at someone like an object for sale, holding onto that last bit of pride.

Her vision blurred with overflowing tears. Liv squeezed her eyes shut, feeling the wetness on her cheeks and the relief as her tear-drenched eyelids grew lighter.

Swallowing her sobs, she slowly opened her eyes. After blinking a few times, the tears cleared, and she saw the medicine packet—and a neatly folded handkerchief placed on top of it.

A handkerchief?

Staring blankly at the square piece of cloth, Liv’s head shot up. Standing beside her was a tall man she hadn’t noticed approaching. He was gazing at the statue, but she recognized his face.

“…Marquis Dietrion?”

Today, perhaps because of his pitch-black frock coat, his face appeared even paler than usual.

Looking up at him from below, his face seemed as handsome as ever, with long eyelashes that particularly caught her eye. The slow flutter of his lashes reminded her of a butterfly’s wings.

The marquis, who had been staring straight ahead in silence, suddenly tilted his head slightly. A few strands of his platinum hair, neatly swept back, fell across his forehead.

“God may listen, but He doesn’t grant wishes.”

The words were muttered cynically, barely loud enough for Liv to hear. But the chapel was so quiet that she had no trouble understanding him.

“The power to achieve something lies with humans, Teacher.”

His low voice was chilling, yet somehow alluring, like the song of a siren.

His blue eyes, which had been fixed on the statue, flicked down to Liv.

“So, pray to me.”

The marquis’s lips twisted ever so slightly. The faint hint of a smile appeared. For a moment, it felt as if time itself had stopped. The man, whose expressionless face alone had captivated everyone, was now giving a faint smile—no one could have resisted falling to their knees before him.

Liv was no exception. She stared up at the man who stood over her, enthralled. That fleeting moment of eye contact felt like an eternity.

“Who knows? A miracle might happen.”

A miracle.

The word he spoke carried a sweet allure, tempting her.

Would a miracle really happen if she prayed to the marquis? Could this man grant the prayer that even God had ignored?

But why was he saying this to her?

Even as she felt dazed by his beauty, a part of Liv’s mind was filled with doubt. Didn’t Marquis Dietrion dislike her? Wasn’t he tormenting her because he was displeased about the painting?

As if sensing her suspicions, the marquis’s smile vanished, and he turned away without hesitation. Watching his retreating back, Liv felt a sudden urgency.

Realizing she had no time to ponder what this meant, the opportunity now felt like a blessing she couldn’t afford to lose.

“I need money!”

The words burst out of her like lightning—a raw, unadorned plea.

 “I heard that while the work for you is ongoing, Marquis… you instructed Brad to halt all his other projects…”

That was what Brad had said when Liv subtly suggested they work on other projects simultaneously. He had looked troubled, explaining that there was a clause in his contract prohibiting him from working on other paintings until the Marquis’s piece was complete. This meant that Liv, too, wouldn’t be able to earn any extra income as a nude model until the Marquis’s painting was finished.

It was quite a problem for Liv. She already had very few days off, aside from the time spent as a tutor for the Pendence family and posing for the Marquis’s painting. Not many places would hire someone who could only work a few days a week.

The Marquis, who she thought would simply turn away and leave, suddenly looked back at Liv. His face was as cold and indifferent as always, the one Liv had seen countless times.

The desperate words that had slipped from Liv’s lips came back to her like a bucket of cold water. Her face flushed with shame, and she quickly looked away, her words tumbling out in a disordered manner.

“I’m sorry. What I said just now was a mistake. I’m just not in a good situation right now… If you could just allow Brad a bit more time to finish the work, I’d be grateful.”

Liv lowered her head even further, unable to meet the Marquis’s gaze.

She must have lost her mind, even if just for a moment. She had been so overwhelmed that she had forgotten who the man before her was and had blurted out such nonsense.

With shame came anxiety that took hold of her entire body.

What if her careless words had irritated the Marquis?

What if Brad’s work got delayed as a result?

As she anxiously darted her eyes around, her gaze fell on a neatly folded handkerchief, likely belonging to the Marquis. If he had the kind of heart that would lend a handkerchief to a crying woman…

A desperate hope arose from deep within her.

Maybe this man really did speak out of pity, without any ulterior motives.

“Teacher, would you consider taking on extra work?”

Liv looked up at the Marquis with a bewildered expression. His face remained impassive, his gaze filled with arrogance.

“I will pay you generously.”

By extra work, he must mean taking on more duties after the painting was completed. Liv was so taken aback by the sudden proposal that she couldn’t respond, her eyes wide with surprise. Seemingly understanding her reaction, the Marquis nonchalantly turned his body away.

“I’ll take back the handkerchief when I get your answer.”

The crisp sound of his footsteps echoed throughout the chapel. Still seated, Liv watched his receding figure in a daze, her hand reaching up to her face.

The tears on her cheeks had mostly dried.

 



 

The handkerchief lay on her old desk.

She hadn’t used it. She would rather soak her worn-out sleeves than dare use something that looked so expensive.

Yet returning it unused didn’t seem quite right either, so Liv pondered whether she should wash it. But what if the cheap soap damaged the fabric?

The items delivered to noble families were of a quality that couldn’t compare to the humble soap she had. The last thing she wanted was to accidentally offend the Marquis by returning a poorly washed handkerchief.

“Sister, who gave you this handkerchief, anyway?”

Corida, her face brimming with curiosity, had asked the same question countless times, showing a determined will to uncover the owner of the handkerchief.

Liv sighed at Corida. “I told you. He didn’t give it to me; he lent it. I plan to return it.”

“Then who lent it to you?”

“A kind person.”

Even as she spoke, Liv found it amusing. A kind person? Was Daaemon Dietrion truly someone who could be called kind?

“Which kind gentleman would lend my sister a handkerchief?”

Liv hadn’t said anything about the owner being a gentleman, yet Corida grinned mischievously as if she already knew everything. Liv gave her a stern look.

“Corida.”

At least the handkerchief didn’t have any family crests or inscriptions. If it had, the Marquis likely wouldn’t have lent it in the first place, knowing it could spark some tawdry scandal.

The quality of the handkerchief was too good, though. While Corida may not have noticed, anyone with an eye for quality would easily deduce that it belonged to a noble.

She needed to return it as soon as possible.

“Sister, if you ever meet someone, you have to tell me, okay?”

“That’s not going to happen, Corida.”

“But you’re so pretty and smart and wonderful, I’m sure there are many people around who are secretly in love with you!”

Liv pressed her forehead and shook her head at Corida’s hopeful words, her eyes sparkling.

“It seems the medicine is working well since you’re so energetic. I’m glad.”

“Don’t refuse people just for my sake, alright?”

Corida’s concern wasn’t unfounded. Liv had met several men who showed interest in her, only to shy away upon learning she had a sick younger sister to care for.

She had never shared these stories with Corida, but her perceptive sister had figured it out and become melancholy. This was why Liv had firmly told the pharmacist to stop matchmaking for her.

It had been a long time since anyone had tried to introduce her to someone, but Corida seemed more worried about her not meeting anyone at all. No matter how much Liv explained that she was already past the prime age for marriage, it didn’t seem to reassure her.

“I’m fine…”

“It’s not because of you, it’s because I’m not interested. Let’s stop talking about this nonsense.”

It seemed the handkerchief had stirred Corida’s imagination. While it was good for Corida to find joy in something, especially since she rarely left home, Liv wasn’t thrilled with the topic. Trying to look indifferent, she picked up the handkerchief.

Perhaps Corida was having strange thoughts because she had seen Liv hesitating over the handkerchief.

She needed to wash it. The Marquis surely knew her circumstances, so he wouldn’t be surprised or offended if she used cheap soap.

And as for the Marquis’s “extra work” proposal…

“Corida, remember that side job I mentioned before? It looks like there’ll be more work, so I’ll be coming home later.”

“Really? You must be doing a great job, sister!”

“Yeah, something like that.”

From the start, Liv hadn’t had a choice. She didn’t even know what kind of work it was, yet the answer had been predetermined.

Clutching the handkerchief tightly, Liv turned toward the laundry room.

 



 

Once again, the artist’s session was short today.

By now, Brad had grown accustomed to the constant interruptions, his resigned expression evident as he packed away his tools. At least today he had managed to get started on the main coloring.

Daaemon glanced briefly at the canvas, then shifted his gaze to the woman standing a little distance away, putting on her clothes in silence. Her hands moved swiftly, covering her pale skin with practiced ease. Daaemon lightly wetted his lips with his tongue before speaking.

“I have something to discuss with the model. You can take the carriage back.”

“Pardon? W-with Liv?”

Brad looked bewildered, glancing between Daaemon and Liv, then quickly bowed his head. After responding affirmatively several times, he hastily gathered his belongings and left the studio.

Liv watched Brad’s retreating back, looking like a child being abandoned by his parents. She swallowed dryly, her face pale with anxiety.

Instead of speaking to her, Daaemon simply strode out of the studio. The thick smell of paint gave him a headache and made his stomach turn. Despite keeping the room well-ventilated and cleaned regularly, it was of no use. The scent of paint grew stronger, shortening the time he could tolerate being in the studio.

It was such a bothersome task.

Suddenly, Daaemon found all this effort tedious and annoying. But his irritation subsided a bit when he heard the footsteps trailing behind him. At least the body was…

To his liking.

Liv followed Daaemon without him needing to say a word. He appreciated her quick wit. He also liked how she moved without making a sound, her presence nearly undetectable.

Unlike others, Liv never tried desperately to catch his eye. Instead, it seemed she was making every effort not to be noticed by him.

Unfortunately for her, despite all her efforts, she was quite noticeable.

“Prepare tea.”

Entering the drawing room, Daaemon instructed a servant before sitting on the sofa naturally. Liv, who had followed him into the drawing room, hesitated for a moment before taking a seat opposite him, maintaining perfect posture.

Her auburn hair, which had been disheveled just moments earlier, was now neatly tied back, and her clothes were buttoned all the way up to her neck, giving her a thoroughly composed look. She appeared every bit the proper teacher. It was astonishing, really.

Daaemon found the stark transformation in Liv’s demeanor over just a few minutes intriguing. He hadn’t expected her to be such an interesting person when he first noticed her.

 “This is the handkerchief you lent me before.”

The neatly folded handkerchief carried a different scent compared to when he had given it to her. The unfamiliar smell of soap was especially strong. Daaemon glanced at the handkerchief with just his eyes before leaning back into the chair.

“And regarding the extra work you proposed, I’d like to hear more details.”

“I can’t tell you unless you promise to do it.”

“But…”

“I have no intention of involving unrelated people.”

The fact that he required a commitment before disclosing the details suggested the job wasn’t exactly aboveboard. Liv immediately grasped the meaning behind his words and fell silent, her expression stiffening.

Daaemon leisurely observed her face as he crossed his long legs. Typically, he despised wasting time, but he decided to give Liv ample time to consider.

In fact, all of his recent behavior toward Liv had been exceptional. Did she truly deserve such attention?

Daaemon pulled out a cigar, lost in thought for a moment. Value… To be honest, he had yet to find any true value in her. So far, she had nothing more than the allure of curiosity.

It had all started with a painting. A very poorly made painting.

It wasn’t the rough brushstrokes or the garish colors that had caught Daaemon ’s eye. It was the awkwardly posed woman depicted in the piece.

The clumsy posture showed lingering traces of shame, while the well-formed body looked as thin as a neglected horse. The naked back, exposed in the painting, conveyed her sense of despair.

So, Daaemon didn’t buy Brad’s painting because the artist had done a great job. Rather, the painting itself held nothing of the artist’s intention—only the overwhelming presence of the model.

It was a refreshingly unique experience. Having seen and collected countless nude paintings, this one stood out for its utter incompetence. The painter wasn’t even trying to create art; he merely transferred what he saw in front of him onto the canvas. Or perhaps the model’s intense aura had so thoroughly dominated the artist’s subconscious that it made him paint as he did.

This artist would never make a proper debut—he simply lacked the talent. Of course, that didn’t mean the model was remarkable, either.

The model, in fact, was so terrible that calling her a model felt like an overstatement. And what emerged from this disastrous pairing was the painting before him.

It was a mess—like something dragged through the mud. And that made it interesting.

Could it have been mere luck?

That curiosity led Daaemon to purchase Brad’s second nude painting. It also depicted a back view, just as the first one had, and the pose was equally stiff.

Even a log would have looked more natural than that. Any maid from his mansion, if made to pose, would appear more graceful than this.

Yet despite such thoughts, Daaemon couldn’t look away from the painting. The third one was the same.

It made him wonder. Why were they all back views?

What expression would a woman with such a back have on her face?

So, he casually dropped a suggestion: draw her face next time. He hadn’t expected Brad to panic at the mere thought of sketching a partial profile.

Liv seemed to believe that if she could retrieve and destroy the painting with her face, all her troubles would be over. But was that really true?

If she thought she could resolve everything neatly like that, she was beyond naive—she was foolish.

“I’ll do it.”

Daaemon , lost in thought, came back to the present. With a habitual gesture, he bit down on his cigar and looked at the person sitting before him.

“I’ll take the extra work.”

Her demeanor was that of a soldier heading into battle. Whatever she imagined he would make her do, it clearly terrified her—her face was ashen. Daaemon sneered coldly at Liv’s visibly tense shoulders.

She probably believed she would have to sacrifice something of great value. Whatever she considered valuable, to Daaemon , it was as insignificant as a pebble on the roadside.

“There’s no need to be so afraid. It won’t be difficult for you.”

Liv looked up, her gaze trembling. She seemed ready to say something, but at that moment, a servant arrived, quietly pushing a tea trolley.

The well-trained servant made almost no noise as he set up the tea. Only one teacup was placed on the table.

Liv’s face flushed when she noticed there wasn’t one for her. Perhaps she felt humiliated.

Daaemon , indifferent, spoke in a detached manner, “When you leave, a servant will be waiting for you. Follow him for further instructions and to sign the contract.”

Liv, who had been clutching her skirt tightly, slowly rose to her feet.

“I’ll be going, then.”

“I look forward to working with you, Teacher.”

Through the haze of cigar smoke, Daaemon could feel her gaze. She responded in a low voice, “Yes,” then quickly turned and left.

After she left, the servant who had finished preparing the tea noticed the handkerchief on the table.

“Shall I send this to the laundry?”

Daaemon , exhaling smoke and staring at the closed door, turned his head.

Laundry? He hadn’t considered that. Without even glancing at the handkerchief, he gave a disinterested order, “Throw it away.”

The servant bowed and took the handkerchief. The faint scent of cheap soap lingered where the handkerchief had been, gradually dissipating.

The drawing room grew quiet, with only the smoke from the cigar lingering in the air. Daaemon , lounging on the sofa, reached out for the teacup but then paused.

He glanced at his long, gloved fingers, frowning slightly. As if dissatisfied, he rubbed his thumb and forefinger together thoughtfully before standing.

Leaving the untouched tea behind, Daaemon strode out of the drawing room.

“Where is she?”

“She is signing the contract.”

“Bring her to me when she’s done.”

His stomach churned. Unfortunately, there was nothing in this hastily prepared mansion to soothe his nausea.

“Have her start today.”

He was curious to see what effect this inadequate model might have.

 



 

The Marquis hadn’t lied.

Every detail written in the contract presented by the man claiming to be the Marquis’s aide was exactly as the Marquis had described. As promised, the hourly wage was exceptionally high, and the work wasn’t as intimidating as she’d feared.

“So, Mr. Adolf, is this really all I need to do… for this much money?”

The extra work that the Marquis required from Liv was simple enough. She just had to spend more time with him while undressed.

There wasn’t anything specific she had to do; she merely needed to stay in the same room as him. The contract clearly stated that she wouldn’t be harmed, nor would she be asked to do anything life-threatening.

“Of course, Teacher Rodaise.”

Liv’s cheeks flushed. Hearing the title “Teacher” from Adolf’s well-mannered tone made her feel embarrassed. Was it because she wasn’t here to teach anyone, or because she felt like she was secretly engaging in something improper while also working as a tutor?

Probably the latter.

“I don’t think the title ‘Teacher’ is appropriate.”

“Ah, I apologize if it made you uncomfortable. It’s just that the Marquis refers to you that way.”

“…Do you know much about me?”

“Are you asking me? I apologize, but I only know what I’ve been instructed about you, Miss Rodaise.”

It was a very ambiguous statement. Liv tried to make sense of it but couldn’t come up with anything definitive.

After all, she doubted the Marquis would have any interest in investigating her or giving any particular instructions regarding her. To him, she was probably just someone suitable for this strange… extra work.

Liv’s eyes fell on the contract. No matter how many times she reread it, the content remained the same.

“If you sign at the bottom, the contract will be complete. Your salary will be paid in cash on the day of each session, but if you have any specific preference…”

“Cash is fine with me. But I don’t see a term limit for the contract.”

“Ah, that part…”

Adolf hesitated briefly before continuing calmly, “It’s until the Marquis no longer requires your services.”

“…So, I have no say in it?”

“Do you need one?”

In other words, the question was whether she even had the right to make such a choice. Adolf noticed that Liv’s face, which had briefly regained some color, turned pale again, and he quickly added an explanation.

“It’s not for me to decide, but I believe this contract is quite advantageous for you, Miss Rodaise. Unless any issues arise, the Marquis intends to keep the contract, and you will be able to earn a stable income easily. If you’re worried about the Marquis changing his mind, there’s no need. Even if you work for just one day, we will ensure you receive ample compensation for your efforts.”

No employer would promise severance pay after just one day of work. For a moment, Liv’s resolve, which had wavered, solidified once more as she thought of the money.

She wasn’t in a position to be choosy. Liv steadied herself as she thought of Corida.

 All she had to do was undress.

Liv wasn’t sure why, but it was clear that the Marquis liked her body. He had purchased nude paintings of her, insisted on observing the painting process, and now wanted to see her in person.

This was just an extension of the painting sessions, after all. The only difference was that Brad wouldn’t be there, and she’d be alone with the Marquis, which made her a little uneasy.

“There is only one thing you need to remember, Miss Rodaise: absolute confidentiality.”

“You don’t have to worry about that. Confidentiality applies to the Marquis as well, correct?”

“Indeed.”

Who could she possibly tell that she’d agreed to undress in front of a man for an hourly wage? It seemed the Marquis also had no intention of broadcasting his peculiar hobby, which was a relief for Liv. Still, she found it difficult to sign her name.

It wasn’t easy to make an agreement she couldn’t end on her own.

“…What if he asks me to do something that’s not written in the contract?”

“Such as?”

Feeling embarrassed, Liv fiddled with her clothes as she hesitated.

“Well… something immoral or indecent…”

“Ha!”

It was a blatant scoff. Startled, Liv looked up, only to see Adolf quickly covering his mouth and apologizing.

“I wasn’t laughing at you, Miss Rodaise. I never intended to insult you. It’s just that anyone who knows even a little about the Marquis would have reacted the same way.”

Though Adolf calmly explained himself, Liv’s embarrassment had already left her mind blank.

“Oh, I see. Of course. Someone like me wouldn’t even be worth his time. It was a foolish thought.”

“That’s not what I meant…”

Knock, knock.

Both of them turned toward the door. Since it was obvious that anyone visiting would be a servant sent by the Marquis, Adolf excused himself and called the person in.

Indeed, the person entering had a message from the Marquis.

“He wants me to start today?”

“Yes.”

Liv swallowed nervously as she stared at the servant in bewilderment. Then, with pen in hand, she finally signed her name in the blank space. She hadn’t even waited for the ink to dry before the servant urged her to stand.

“Please follow me.”

Since arriving at this mansion, Liv had never visited so many different rooms in a single day. Usually, she would only travel between the entrance and the studio, but today she had been to the drawing room, the office, and now, she was climbing to the highest floor. The servant explained that he wasn’t permitted to enter the top floor and guided her only as far as the stairs.

“It’s the room at the end.”

Now alone on the top floor, Liv watched the servant leave, feeling a wave of unease. Taking a deep breath, she turned around. If this had been any other floor, there would already be several doors in sight, but all she saw was a long, narrow corridor. Liv began to walk slowly down the hallway.

There wasn’t a single tapestry on the white walls. If not for the carpet along the floor, the entire hallway would have been an overwhelmingly stark white. The excessive whiteness gave Liv an odd feeling, and she quietly rubbed her arms.

At the end of the seemingly endless corridor, there was a large door. Liv stopped in front of it, pressing her hand against her chest to calm her racing heart.

“Come in.”

The sharp voice startled her before she even knocked. Liv hesitated for a moment before grabbing the doorknob. She pushed open the heavy door, revealing a room as white as the hallway outside. Though there were a few pieces of luxurious furniture, something about the room seemed oddly empty for a personal space.

The Marquis sat on a single sofa in the corner of the room. Leaning on his hand, he looked visibly irritated. The moment he saw Liv enter, he flicked his fingers toward the bed, which was covered with white sheets.

“Undress.”

The Marquis snapped impatiently, roughly opening a bottle of wine. Only after catching the scent of the wine did Liv feel the reality of what was happening. This was merely an extension of the painting sessions.

Yes, this was just extra work. It was an odd pastime of a wealthy aristocrat, and it paid well by the hour.

As Liv calmly undressed, she noticed the Marquis’s gaze never left her. He held a glass of wine in one hand, staring at her bare body with an unwavering focus. Only when Liv, now undressed, carefully sat on the edge of the bed did he let out an inexplicable sigh and look away.

Liv, watching the Marquis sip his wine with a slightly calmer demeanor, couldn’t hold back her curiosity.

“Am I just supposed to stay like this?”

Though her voice wasn’t very loud, the room was so quiet that it echoed more than she’d expected. The Marquis gave her a sidelong glance. Sensing his questioning gaze, Liv licked her dry lips nervously before continuing.

“I mean… should I just stay undressed and do nothing?”

“Did you sign the contract without reading it? Or did my aide force you to sign without explaining it properly?”

Of course, he knew neither of those was true, which made his words nothing more than a sarcastic jab. Though the Marquis had never been warm or kind, Liv was taken aback by how blunt he was now.

Liv avoided his gaze, trying to hide her discomfort.

“Mr. Adolf told me that I only needed to spend time with you while undressed.”

“Then you heard correctly. So?”

“I just thought… maybe you wanted something else.”

“From you?”

The Marquis didn’t even bother to maintain the minimal courtesy he had shown her before. It seemed that, from the moment the contract was signed, he no longer felt the need to be polite. Otherwise, how could he so openly ridicule her?

“I thought you were different, but I suppose not.”

A faint blush spread across Liv’s face. She realized the Marquis saw her as no different from the other women who chased after him, desperate for his attention.

Liv knew she was different from those women. She had no desire for the Marquis’s affection, money, or status. She had no intention of trying to win his favor. She wasn’t foolish enough to covet what she could never have, nor did she want to suffer the consequences of overreaching.

If she hadn’t needed the money, she wouldn’t be here at all!

“No, I just meant that this situation isn’t exactly… normal.”

Liv spoke in a stiff voice, suppressing her rising frustration. Facing the Marquis’s disdainful gaze made her want to storm out, but the cursed numbers on the contract she had just signed flashed in her mind, holding her back.

“You’re right. I paid you because I have ‘unusual tastes,’ and I want you here for that.”

The Marquis coldly replied, swirling the wine in his glass with a smirk.

“So sit there quietly like a plant, will you?”

“A plant…”

How could he say something like that to a person?

Before Liv could react, the Marquis added indifferently, “Calling you a statue would be too generous. You’re not worth that yet.”

Liv’s mouth fell open without her realizing it.

“Excuse me?”

“I wasn’t expecting a noisy flower, you know. Are there talking plants?”

The Marquis had effectively told her to shut up, and he had done it in the most elegant way possible. Liv clenched her teeth, taking a deep breath before turning her head away.

Perhaps all the Marquis wanted was a convenient target for his insults, not someone to admire. Liv had known from the moment she wasn’t even offered a cup of tea that he didn’t see her as an equal, but to treat her like this…

Seething with anger, Liv turned her back to him completely. He hadn’t given her any specific pose, so she decided to sit however she pleased. Fortunately, he didn’t seem to mind, as he sipped his wine and sank back into his own thoughts. Occasionally, she could catch a hint of cigar smoke wafting from behind her.

Since he wasn’t speaking to her, Liv found herself lost in her thoughts as well. She glanced down at her own body. Her breasts, round and full, and her flat stomach weren’t bad, even in her own eyes.

If she had scars, she wouldn’t have even dared to make money this way. She should be grateful for the body she was born with.

Right, playing the part of an elegant tutor, only to throw off her clothes the moment she stepped into the studio. How ridiculous she must have appeared in the eyes of the Marquis. The way he treated her now was, ultimately, something she had brought upon herself.

A wave of melancholy made her chest tighten, and Liv shut her eyes tightly.

She imagined she was in the studio, with Brad behind her. She thought about the generous pay she would receive once all this was over.

Only then did she find a bit of strength to endure.

 “You can drop me off here.”

“Alright, take care.”

Hearing the coachman’s friendly farewell, Liv carefully stepped down. Coming back from a grand and lavish mansion, she felt as if she were waking up from a dream.

She stared blankly at the black carriage disappearing into the darkness, then wrapped her coat tighter around herself and started walking. Passing through the narrow, dirty alley, she wondered if everything that had just happened was even real.

The white room, the air thick with the smell of wine and cigars, the sharp, persistent gaze… It all felt like a midsummer night’s dream, drifting through her mind. The pungent smell of sewage in the air made those memories seem even more surreal, like an illusion. It was an utterly unrealistic feeling.

Liv tightened her grip on her coat. From deep within her pocket, she felt the thick envelope.

Ah, it wasn’t a dream.

Just sitting there naked for a few hours had earned her an unimaginable sum of money.

No one would know, but Liv walked quickly, tense at the thought of someone stealing the envelope from her. Thankfully, it didn’t take long for her to reach home.

“Sister!”

The moment she opened the door, she was greeted by Corida, her face glowing with relief. She must have been anxious because Liv was much later than usual; Corida had been standing by the door.

“I’m sorry, I’m so late. Did you have dinner?”

“Of course I did… But you?”

It wasn’t until Corida asked that Liv realized she hadn’t eaten dinner. While she was with the Marquis, she had been so tense that she hadn’t had the luxury of even thinking about eating. Now that her hunger was catching up to her, her body responded immediately.

Growl.

The loud rumble of her stomach answered for her. Corida pouted, complaining about how, no matter how busy she was, it was wrong for someone to be working without having a meal.

“I put it off to finish quickly.”

“I didn’t think the Baroness Pendence was so inconsiderate.”

“Corida, you shouldn’t say things like that. She’s been very kind to us.”

“Will you keep coming home this late from now on?”

A hint of anxiety crossed Corida’s face as she grumbled. It was true that Liv always made it home before sunset, so staying out late like today and leaving Corida alone must have been frightening for her.

Liv patted Corida’s head apologetically. “It might be like this for a while.”

She felt sorry for Corida, but the weight of the heavy envelope in her pocket kept her from making empty promises about coming home early.

Just today alone meant she wouldn’t have to worry about rent or Corida’s medicine for a month. If she continued working extra hours for another month, she’d be able to save enough for living expenses and even have extra left over.

Even if she only worked until Brad finished his project, she’d have enough money to get by comfortably for a few months.

“I’ll make sure we don’t run out of medicine, and I’ll pay the rent in advance so Mr. Pomel won’t bother you again. So please be patient, alright?”

“…Alright.”

Liv hugged the sullen Corida tightly, then opened the pantry, thinking about a late dinner. For the first time in a long while, she felt a faint glimmer of hope.

 



 

To be sitting so comfortably in a coffee house like this.

Liv looked down at the cup in front of her, feeling a strange sense of disconnect. Not long ago, she wouldn’t have even glanced at a coffee house. She couldn’t believe that just a few extra work sessions had made her feel this much more relaxed.

It was definitely something to be happy about, yet it was unfortunate that she felt no excitement at all.

“You seem down.”

“Pardon?”

“Did I make an unreasonable request today?”

It was only after Camille spoke that Liv realized she had been zoning out. She quickly shook her head, apologizing for her rudeness.

Camille waved it off as if it were no big deal, but there was still concern in his eyes. Clearly, Liv looked worse than she realized.

“No, it’s nothing like that. I just have something on my mind, that’s all. It’s nothing serious.”

It truly wasn’t anything serious—just that the extra work she’d started recently was more exhausting than she had expected.

All she had to do was sit undressed for a few hours, just like when she posed as Brad’s model, yet she found herself feeling mentally drained.

The Marquis, simply by being present, made her nerves sharpen, and whenever they happened to speak, he crushed her confidence without a second thought.

 

“A model, and all you know how to do is sit there?”

“Were you hoping I’d dance?”

“I didn’t realize you were teaching the Pendence family’s only daughter to dance.”

“You didn’t need to bring that up.”

“Even if you’re naked, you’re still a teacher. It seems you have no pride in your profession.”

 

Just thinking about their recent conversations made her head ache. To think he even mentioned the name “Pendence.” He clearly had no respect for her as a tutor, and maybe he even took pleasure in belittling her.

If it weren’t for the weight of the envelope Adolf gave her, she might have run away long ago.

It was too much money to give up just because of some mental exhaustion.

Liv tried to collect herself and looked back at Camille.

“At this rate, I shouldn’t have asked for your help.”

“It’s really alright. You said it was about Million, right? Then I should hear it too.”

Despite how tired she was, Liv was sitting across from Camille because of Million. He had sent her a very serious and lengthy letter, saying he needed to talk about Million.

Liv hadn’t intended to meet with him, but his eloquent writing had convinced her otherwise.

“All I heard was that Million was sick and wouldn’t be able to attend lessons for a while. Did something happen to her?”

Now that she thought about it, it had been quite a while since their lessons were put on hold, yet there had been no word about resuming. At Liv’s question, Camille frowned and nodded cautiously.

“Yes, maybe. I also received a message saying we’d take a break after a lesson one day. After getting that message, I thought back to how Million looked during the last lesson—it seemed like something was off.”

Million had always been quite healthy, often running around happily when others caught colds.

Liv had often been envious of her energy, thinking how great it would be if Corida could have even half of Million’s stamina.

So she had been surprised to hear that Million was sick. But she assumed it wasn’t serious and that Million would recover quickly.

“You thought something was off?”

“Yes. As you know, Million is usually cheerful and lively. But during our last lesson, she seemed very down. She seemed to have a lot on her mind more than being sick. But she didn’t say anything when I asked.”

Hearing that, Liv immediately thought of Million’s birthday party. The unexpected appearance of Marquis Dietrion. Million blushing in embarrassment while the young noble ladies around her gave her strange looks.

Liv knew how varied emotions could be at that age, and how openly they were expressed. She also knew how differently people could interpret wealth and noble titles in high society.

However, she quickly pushed those thoughts away. It wasn’t right to jump to conclusions.

“When I heard she was ill, I thought perhaps I’d been dismissed because of a problem with my lessons. But then I heard that all her lessons were on hold. Since you were the closest teacher to Million, I thought you might know something. I know it might sound self-centered, but I’m worried that a long break will affect my livelihood.”

Camille’s earnest words made Liv sigh softly. She felt a bit guilty for suspecting that his message might have had ulterior motives, and she decided to take the conversation more seriously.

To be honest, Liv didn’t quite see herself as Million’s closest teacher. Though she felt an inner fondness for Million, who was around Corida’s age, she wasn’t a live-in tutor and only taught on scheduled days, just like the other instructors.

Still, she did acknowledge that Million seemed comfortable around her. Maybe it was because Liv was the closest in age, and her easygoing attitude outside of lessons made Million feel at ease.

They were close enough that Million would sometimes seek her out for advice.

“I’m not sure—I haven’t heard anything. I haven’t seen Million since the birthday party.”

“I see.”

“I doubt it has anything to do with your lessons, Teacher Marcel. If it did, the Baroness would have said something right away.”

Camille still looked a bit unsure, but he nodded in agreement.

“I guess I was being too hasty. Hearing you say that makes me feel a bit better, Teacher Rodaise.”

“I haven’t been much help, really.”

“That’s not true at all—”

“Liv?”

A loud voice interrupted their polite yet somewhat stilted conversation.

Hearing the familiar voice, Liv turned her head, eyes widening in surprise.

 “Brad?”

“Liv, I didn’t expect to see you here!”

Brad, wearing a hunting cap instead of his usual paint-splattered work clothes, smiled warmly at Liv. He reached out to shake her hand, but when he noticed Camille sitting across from her, his expression shifted to one of surprise.

“And who might this be…”

Brad trailed off ambiguously, and his tone suggested a hint of suspicion. Squinting, he gave Liv a knowing, mischievous smile.

Not wanting him to start spouting nonsense, Liv quickly spoke up. “He’s Miss Million’s art teacher. We were just discussing teaching methods.”

There was no real need for such a detailed explanation, but Liv provided it anyway. Despite her effort, it was clear Brad didn’t view the situation with innocent intentions.

“Ah, I see. Well, take good care of our Liv. Hahaha!”

Brad seemed eager to act like a protective relative, as if trying to be helpful. Liv, feeling embarrassed, instinctively covered her face with her hands.

Camille, who had been watching the unexpected interruption with a grim expression, nodded reluctantly.

“Ah, yes.”

“So you’re an art teacher? That’s interesting—I’m a painter myself, so it’s nice to meet someone with similar interests!”

“I see.”

Camille’s curt reply made it clear how unwelcome he found this interruption.

Liv nudged Brad’s arm with her fingertip, pointing behind him. “Brad, you have company waiting for you.”

Not far off, a middle-aged man was watching them with a curious look. He was undoubtedly Brad’s companion. Liv glanced at the man out of curiosity.

Wearing a top hat and a dignified frock coat, the middle-aged gentleman had a gentle, amiable demeanor. He seemed too refined to be associating with Brad, and Liv momentarily wondered if she was mistaken. After all, Brad was known for his penchant for gambling and drinking—it was hard to imagine him having such an elegant acquaintance.

Just as Liv’s gaze turned suspicious, Brad gave her a cheerful wave.

“Ah, right, right. Well, I’ll be off now!”

Was it just her imagination, or did Brad seem more excited than usual?

Liv watched Brad walk away, speaking animatedly to the middle-aged gentleman as they moved further into the coffee house. Brad’s behavior seemed out of place—meeting an older gentleman here rather than at his usual bar, with such an enthusiastic expression. The more she thought about it, the stranger it seemed.

“An unexpected acquaintance.”

Camille’s voice snapped Liv out of her thoughts. He was watching the direction Brad had gone, his brows still furrowed.

It wasn’t just the look of annoyance one would have toward a rude person who interrupted a conversation. Liv, tilting her head, cautiously asked Camille.

“Do you know Brad?”

“I know him as a painter who fails every year at the exhibitions.”

Come to think of it, Camille had an art background and even graduated from a prestigious art school.

But just because he was an Eglantine School of Art alumnus didn’t mean he knew every painter in the country.

“He’s not the only artist who fails every year.”

“True, but when a painter who consistently fails suddenly finds a major patron and starts bragging about it, it’s hard not to notice.”

Camille’s response was dry, and Liv was left speechless, her lips pressed into a tight line.

It was clear who Brad’s “important patron” was, even without seeing it firsthand. Their work was meant to be kept secret, and Liv couldn’t help but worry whether Brad being so loose-lipped would cause issues.

She thought they had shared a mutual understanding of how annoying the Marquis’s interruptions were during the work sessions. Was Brad still unable to give up that patronage?

“He doesn’t seem like someone with good intentions. Of course, it’s not my place to judge your friendships, but… since I’m in the same industry, I tend to hear things. I suggest you keep your distance from him.”

Camille lowered his voice, his expression filled with concern as he offered advice. He watched Liv quietly as she fell into contemplation, then continued, “Honestly, I’m curious how you even got to know someone like that. You don’t seem to have anything in common.”

It was true that, on the surface, Liv and Brad seemed to have nothing in common. They lived in different areas, did different work, and had no reason to meet except by chance. Liv thought back to when they first met.

It was shortly after she arrived in Buerno, while she was exhausted from traveling such a long way with her ailing sister, Corida.

She had been staying temporarily in a cheap inn, looking for a place to settle. She eventually found an affordable room in a relatively safe neighborhood.

Despite having been deceived multiple times already, Liv had almost signed the lease for that room. Looking back, she realized she had been too tired to think clearly and didn’t want to make any more difficult decisions.

The person showing her the room turned out to be a con artist. The real homeowner had gone on a long trip, and in their absence, the con artist pretended to be the owner and tried to rent out the property.

It was Brad who prevented her from getting scammed. He hadn’t intervened because of some noble sense of justice—he, too, was almost a victim.

At the time, Brad had been looking for a studio space and was on the verge of losing a large sum to the scammer. Brad burst into the office just as Liv was about to sign the contract, making a scene that exposed the scam. Thanks to his commotion, Liv avoided signing the contract.

And so, their acquaintance began. Over time, it turned into something of a friendship. Brad dismissed the incident, saying Liv had simply been lucky, but she felt genuinely grateful to him.

And after that, he even started giving her small jobs from time to time, which only increased her appreciation for him.

“I owe him. He helped me when I settled in Buerno. I’m not sure about his reputation as a painter, but he’s been a good friend to me.”

Liv’s calm explanation caused Camille to raise his eyebrows in surprise. He soon apologized.

“That was harsh of me.”

“It’s alright. Just because someone is good to me doesn’t mean they’re good to everyone else.”

Liv responded nonchalantly and picked up her cup. She hadn’t thought their conversation had been particularly long, but there was only a sip of coffee left. Camille had already finished his.

“That was an impressive thought.”

Camille let out a low murmur of admiration, tilting his head as he asked, “What do you think of me, Teacher Rodaise?”

“I don’t think we’ve known each other long enough for me to define it. We’ve only met twice.”

“That’s true.”

Camille chuckled softly.

“I’ll try my best to be a good friend to you.”

“That’s…”

Before Liv could respond, Camille deliberately cut her off by standing up.

“Ah, shall we leave now?”

His expression made it clear he already knew what she was going to say. He smiled brightly as he grabbed his hat.

“Since I invited you today, I’ll cover the coffee.”

“What? But—”

“If it bothers you, you can pay for our next meeting.”

Watching Camille cheerfully head to the counter, Liv realized just how deftly he handled things.

If she had been younger and in a better situation, she might have felt her heart flutter for this young man. She could have imagined a rosy future and nurtured those emotions in her heart.

But Liv Rodaise no longer had the luxury of such dreams. The woman she was now only felt relief that she didn’t have to pay for coffee today—a petty, shabby sentiment.

Liv sighed softly, lowering her gaze as she tied the bonnet ribbon under her chin.

Things might improve a little, but fundamentally, nothing would change.

Probably until she died.

 



 

After meeting Camille, Liv had considered visiting the Pendence mansion, but she received a letter before she could act on it. It was news that Million had finally recovered, and that her postponed lessons would resume.

“It’s been far too long, Teacher Rodaise. I hope you’ll take good care of our Million again today.”

With a light bow to Baroness Pendence, who greeted her with the same warmth as always, Liv followed the maid through the house.

Returning to the Pendence mansion after such a long time, Liv quickly noticed the changes inside. There were far more artworks on display.

The Pendence family had always furnished their mansion in a classic style, frequently acquiring beautiful furniture, but it was unusual to see so many new pieces of art.

The numerous artworks seemed to be displayed almost as if to impress someone. Considering this was a home, not a gallery, it felt somewhat excessive—especially since Baron Pendence’s interest in art was a recent development.

Of course, Liv had no reason to comment on how they chose to spend their wealth.

After briefly eyeing a large painting on the wall, her face showing a hint of confusion, Liv quietly continued on her way. Million was waiting for her in the study, just as always.

 “Million, it’s been such a long time.”

“Yes, teacher.”

At first glance, Million’s smile seemed no different from usual. Her cheeks were slightly sunken, as if she had lost some weight, but it was clear she didn’t want to talk about her illness. Yet, when they opened the study book, her face quickly turned sullen.

“It’s been so long since I’ve studied, my head hurts so much. Can’t we take a break today?”

It was more of an excuse to avoid studying rather than actual pain—an attempt to find a way to play instead. Liv, who was about to shake her head sternly as usual, changed her mind. Though she hadn’t learned anything specific from Million, it was clear something had happened to her during the break. Whatever it was, it seemed to have caused her some emotional distress, so it might be a good idea to let her relax today.

“Alright. If Madam Pendence agrees, how about we go out for a change of pace today?”

“Really?”

“Yes. I heard they have boats decorated with flowers on the lake these days. Aren’t you curious?”

“I’m curious!”

“Let me ask her, so wait here for a moment.”

Though Liv thought the sudden suggestion for an outing might be rejected, Baroness Pendence surprisingly agreed, even offering a carriage. It seemed she was also aware of her daughter’s gloomy state.

“It’s actually a relief. She’s hardly been eating properly and hasn’t gone outside, so I’ve been quite worried.”

The Baroness added, hinting that Million, who had never been sick, had recently caught a serious cold, which seemed to have drained her energy. It was an unspoken suggestion to let her have fun but not push her too hard. Liv nodded in understanding, accepting the Baroness’s request.

A maid hastily prepared refreshments and accompanied them on their outing. For a spontaneous outing, they were well-prepared.

“Wow, look at the sky!”

Pointing out of the carriage window, Million’s excited expression made Liv sigh in relief. Seeing Million’s flushed cheeks made her feel that this was indeed a good decision.

The lakeside, where they usually sat, was as beautiful as ever today. The expansive view was more moving than any landscape painting. Without the confined view of a picture frame, everything the eye could see was a painting, a masterpiece. It was enough to forget worries for a while.

“Teacher, it’s the flower boat!”

While waiting for the maid to prepare the refreshments, Million let out a soft exclamation, pointing toward the lake. Sure enough, in the distance, a small boat filled with colorful flowers floated gently.

Liv had heard about it from shop gossip, but this was her first time seeing it in person.

“Wow, it’s so pretty. Can’t we ride it?”

“I think that might be difficult.”

For one thing, the boat was too small, and it was already filled with flowers. At Liv’s words, Million pouted, her shoulders drooping. Then she quickly made a determined face.

“I’ll ask Dad to buy me a boat! I’ll decorate it even more beautifully than that one!”

“A boat?”

“Yes! And I’ll invite you first, teacher! You have to ride it with me, okay?”

She said she would invite Liv first if she got a boat. Liv, recalling Camille’s inquiry about teaching methods, couldn’t help but smile awkwardly.

“Wouldn’t it be more fun to ride it with your friends?”

Liv hinted, thinking of Million’s many friends, but the reaction was not as positive as she had hoped.

Million pursed her lips, jabbing the scone in front of her with a fork, and confessed in a disgruntled voice, “Actually, I had a fight with my friends.”

“A fight?”

So, there really was a problem.

Liv widened her eyes, staring at Million. Million, who had been messing up the scone, let out a sigh and began to speak.

“It happened toward the end of my birthday party. Jaylin mocked me, saying I got the Marquis’s attention with money.”

“Oh, dear…”

Jaylin was the only daughter of the Deli Trading Company, which made a fortune from maritime trade. Though people whispered quietly, everyone in Buerno knew they had bought a noble title from a declining viscount family.

In any case, the head of the Deli Company had bought a noble title and made his daughter a viscountess, sending her into society. As far as Liv knew, they were also business partners with the Pendence family.

“I admitted that, yes, our family has money, but I didn’t think the Marquis would be interested in someone just for money. I spoke calmly and politely, just like you taught me, teacher. But then Jaylin started crying! And the others said I was thoughtless and didn’t consider Jaylin’s situation.”

“I see.”

“Then I told them again: why is it upsetting just to say that you have money? What does her house being up for auction have to do with us being wealthy?”

“Oh, I see.”

Was it true, then, what people were saying about the Deli Trading Company’s ship sinking recently?

Liv nodded, secretly surprised. If their house was up for auction, they must be experiencing severe financial difficulties. It seemed Jaylin, the only daughter, had taken her frustrations out on Million out of envy and jealousy.

“Besides, if Jaylin has a crush on the Marquis, shouldn’t she be grateful to me? She got to meet the Marquis because of me.”

Apparently, this Jaylin had a crush on Marquis Dietrion. It wasn’t unusual for young noblewomen of Million’s age to admire him, but it seemed her innocent feelings had only fueled her jealousy.

Fortunately or unfortunately, Million didn’t seem bothered by Jaylin’s crush. It didn’t seem like Million’s interest in the Marquis was serious or deep.

Instead, she seemed more uncomfortable with the fact that she had argued with her friend and was blamed for it.

“Do you think I was wrong, teacher?”

Seeing Million pout, Liv let out a low sigh.

Of course, from what Million said, it was Jaylin who had been in the wrong first. And wasn’t it Million’s birthday party? Jaylin had been thoughtless, and the other friends’ judgment seemed far from rational.

Still, Liv could easily imagine what Jaylin must have felt, and why she ended up crying.

“Do you want to make up with Jaylin?”

“I wasn’t happy at the time… but she’s not really a bad person. So honestly, this situation makes me uncomfortable. But it seems like everyone is taking Jaylin’s side.”

It wasn’t just because they were closer to Jaylin or because Million had been wrong. Liv thought the root of this uncomfortable situation was the Marquis and people’s desires toward him.

All the Marquis had done was visit the same house twice, yet that alone had stirred so many people.

Once, Liv herself might have joined in the excitement. But now that she faced him every week, occasionally enduring his unrefined insults, it was hard to see him as an unattainable figure.

People yearned even for the Marquis’s cold gaze, but how many could actually face it and endure it?

Just thinking about it made her shiver. Liv quickly shook off the thought and spoke calmly.

“Jaylin was wrong to say such harsh things first. So, in my opinion, she was at fault. And in time, Jaylin will realize how embarrassing her behavior was. But Million, next time, try to consider the other person’s feelings more when you speak. If you show care for others, they’ll do the same for you.”

Even as she spoke, Liv felt her words were somewhat unrealistic. They were sound in theory, but devoid of practicality. Liv knew this from her own experiences.

Even if she considered others’ feelings, all she got in return was cold disregard or ridicule.

But she couldn’t share such harsh realities with Million just yet. Besides, Million would likely receive the care that Liv never did.

People prioritized who they chose to care for.

“Really?”

“Of course. And if they don’t consider your feelings even after that, then it’s okay to get angry and point out their mistakes.”

Hearing Liv’s words, Million’s eyes widened. She seemed to ponder something for a moment, then questioned in a doubtful voice.

“But the Marquis doesn’t care about anyone, and still everyone likes him.”

“That is…”

Liv was at a loss for words, her mind racing for an answer. Fortunately, Million didn’t seem to notice her struggle and continued nonchalantly.

“But I understand what you’re saying, teacher. We can’t stay upset forever. Besides, I’m a young lady who knows about inter-house alliances!”

Million lifted her head with mock sophistication, elegantly raising her teacup. It was something she often did when she wanted to act like an adult.

“Talking to you makes me feel better, teacher.”

“I’m glad. Try to talk it out with your friends too.”

At least she felt better, and that was enough for Liv. She smiled faintly, lifting her own teacup. As she brought it to her lips, the warmth of the tea spread across her face. She carefully tilted the cup, and Million changed the subject with a cheerful voice.

“Yes. Oh, did you see it, teacher? Dad made a big purchase recently—an incredibly expensive painting.”

“I think I saw it in the hallway.”

Liv nodded in response, and Million leaned in closer, lowering her voice.

“I overheard that it’s by one of the Marquis’s favorite artists. He might visit again!”

 Seeing the numerous new artworks, Liv had a suspicion that they intended to invite the Marquis again. Even if he didn’t come, they likely saw the purchases as an investment, ensuring no loss either way. For the Pendence family, who were swimming in wealth, this much was hardly a burden.

“The Marquis doesn’t usually go out much.”

“But he’s visited our house twice already! I’m sure he’ll come again! When he does, they’ll invite him to a meal. That’s why they’re currently redecorating the dining room!”

Liv was about to say that it was too presumptive but then closed her mouth. He was an unpredictable man, and there was always the chance he might suddenly show up at the Pendence mansion again. If he did, it would finally cement the relationship between Marquis Dietrion and the Pendence family in the eyes of the people of Buerno.

Million, half lost in her own daydream, clasped her hands together with a dreamy expression.

“Oh, I hope he comes soon!”

“Do you really want to see him that much?”

“Of course! You haven’t seen the Marquis up close, teacher. It’s unbelievable… How could someone like him be human?”

Yes, his face was indeed astonishing, almost too beautiful to be considered human.

Liv quietly smiled and nodded. It was surprising how often his presence had cropped up in her daily life over the past few weeks.

 



 

Once again, Liv proceeded with her extra work today. Whatever Brad had been told, he no longer found it odd that she moved separately from him.

Arriving at the room at the far end of the mansion’s top floor, Liv undressed and was about to sit down in her usual position when she paused. For the few times she’d worked extra hours, she always sat with her back to the Marquis.

He didn’t want a conversation partner; he wanted a decorative plant. There was no reason for her to face him. Occasionally, he clicked his tongue at her stiff posture, but since he hadn’t forced her into a different position, she kept her back to him.

But perhaps it was because of her recent conversation with Million that Liv suddenly found herself curious about what expression the Marquis wore in this silent room. It was a simple curiosity.

People outside always spoke of how cold, indifferent, sensitive, and irritable Marquis Dietrion was. They probably had never seen him smile, nor seen him leisurely smoking a cigar or casually sipping wine.

The expression on the Marquis’s face while indulging in his peculiar hobby might be different from what people usually knew of him. Thinking so, her curiosity flared.

How was he looking at her? As he’d said on the first day, did he gaze at her as dispassionately as one would look at a potted plant placed by the window?

After some hesitation, Liv carefully changed her position. She chose the long sofa next to the bed. From where the Marquis was seated, she would be angled slightly sideways. For Liv, she could observe him simply by glancing sideways without needing to turn her head.

Impulsively choosing the sofa, Liv nervously smoothed out the cushion. Then, she stole a sidelong glance at the Marquis.

At that moment, their eyes met directly.

Though she expected him to be looking at her, meeting his gaze like this made her feel like a mouse cornered by a cat.

It felt awkward to avert her gaze now, so she stared at him blankly. The Marquis leisurely lifted his wine glass while maintaining eye contact. He sipped the wine slowly, his demeanor relaxed.

Perhaps it was the wine, but his lips appeared especially red. His pale skin only accentuated the color, giving his face a strangely seductive air.

“Would you like a glass?”

Liv, who had been staring at the Marquis absentmindedly, was startled and looked away. She heard him let out a short scoff, which sounded like he was mocking her, prompting Liv to force herself to look up again.

“…Please.”

It was partly out of defiance. She wondered if her response would irritate him, but fortunately, he didn’t seem to care. He pulled out an extra glass without a word.

The red wine swirled in the clear, rounded glass. The Marquis filled the glass to an appropriate level, then extended it toward Liv. He made no move to approach her—he expected her to come get it.

Swallowing nervously, Liv cautiously stood and approached him.

This was the closest she had ever been to the Marquis while naked since she started the extra work. She hesitated, but eventually reached out to take the glass.

The Marquis, handing her the glass, turned his head away indifferently, focusing back on his own wine.

“It’s sweet enough that it shouldn’t be unpleasant.”

Listening to his nonchalant muttering, Liv returned to the sofa with a strange feeling. Today, the Marquis seemed unusually kind. She didn’t know why, but perhaps he was in a good mood.

Staring at the delicate, transparent glass that seemed like it would shatter with the slightest pressure, Liv cautiously brought it to her lips. The wine barely wet her tongue, not even enough for a full sip.

Contrary to the sweet aroma lingering at her nose, the taste was quite bitter and astringent. Liv involuntarily frowned.

“Not used to alcohol, are you?”

She thought he had looked away, but the Marquis must have seen her expression change. Instead of answering, Liv tilted her glass again, this time taking a larger sip. The wine burned slightly as it traveled down her throat, warming her insides.

“It’s not sweet at all.”

“How unfortunate.”

“…I’m simply not used to it,” Liv retorted, her voice defensive.

The Marquis narrowed his eyes. “You’re twenty-five, correct?”

The sudden topic was her age. She tightened her grip on the glass but managed to nod calmly.

Nobles typically became engaged before adulthood and married as soon as they came of age. By their standards, Liv was already well past the typical age for marriage. But among commoners, it wasn’t uncommon to reach one’s early twenties without marrying.

So being twenty-five wasn’t so bad. She had long since given up on marriage, so there was nothing to be ashamed of.

“Yes, I’m twenty-five,” Liv answered clearly, lifting her chin a little more defiantly.

The Marquis studied her for a moment before muttering in an indifferent tone, “Unfortunate.”

Liv’s expression turned incredulous at how easily he had dismissed her as “unfortunate.” However, the Marquis had already shifted his attention away from her once more.

Just because she couldn’t drink, he dismissed her as a child.

Liv, her face slightly twisted in annoyance, forced her expression back to neutral. She took another sip of wine, trying to act unaffected.

No matter how many sips she took, she didn’t enjoy the taste, but she felt like she had to finish at least half the glass. Besides, the alcohol gradually relaxed her, making it easier to endure the time spent here.

Indeed, it was true. Aside from a few sips of beer during her school days, Liv had no experience with alcohol, and she quickly felt its effects.

For the first time, she understood why Brad was so enthusiastic about visiting the tavern. It made her body feel warm and her mood lighter. It tasted awful, but the effect was undeniable.

“You’d better keep enough of your wits to dress yourself.”

The sudden voice startled Liv, and she instinctively turned her head toward it. Her wide eyes fixed on the Marquis.

“A drunkard…”

The glass tipped at her lips, spilling a little wine.

The red liquid trickled down her chin, gathering at its tip before dripping down. The droplet fell onto her pale chest, tracing a line along her skin.

The Marquis, in the middle of speaking, fell silent, his gaze fixed on Liv.

More precisely, his gaze was fixed on where the wine had spilled.

Realizing where he was looking, Liv shivered slightly, her shoulders hunching. The tension that had briefly dissipated under the influence of the alcohol now tightened more than ever.

“…There’s no room for you to stay the night.”

His voice had dropped to a low murmur. The Marquis licked his lips, seemingly just to clean off any lingering wine.

But with his gaze still on her chest, it felt like that tongue was actually touching her skin…

Liv blushed deeply, startled by her own thoughts.

Goodness, Liv Rodaise! What kind of fantasies are you having about the Marquis?

“I-I won’t become a drunkard.”

Her face flushed, Liv hurriedly placed the glass down on the side table. She rubbed the wine stain on her chest with her hand, the sticky liquid clinging to her skin. The prominent stain faded a little, and the Marquis’s gaze finally shifted away.

He now looked indifferent, as if his intense stare from moments before had been nothing but her imagination.

After that, they didn’t exchange any more words. The lingering scent of wine made Liv’s head swim, and she forced herself to stay tense, trying to keep her wits about her. Inwardly, she repeated to herself over and over again that the heat on her cheeks was entirely due to the unfamiliar wine.

 Bullets flying in all directions, screams of agony, bright red blood, dismembered limbs scattered around.

Death, death, and more death…

In the shattered chaos of broken fragments, someone called out for God. No, everyone called out for God. But the man knew. He knew that soon all the noise would disappear, and the world would fall silent. He knew that only the stench of blood, the smell of smoke, and a solitary figure would be left standing on the pitch-black burned ground.

God does not save humanity. Only humans can save themselves.

“Master.”

The servant’s voice was so soft it was hard to believe it was meant to wake someone. However, Daaemon responded immediately, opening his eyes. Not that he had really slept—at most, he might have closed his eyes for an hour or two.

“I have prepared water for your bath.”

The servant spoke with a polite bow before quickly leaving the room. Daaemon was now left alone in the spacious bedroom.

Beyond the neatly drawn curtains, a faintly brightening dawn sky was visible. Daaemon slowly rose from the bed, the blanket slipping off, revealing his bare upper body.

Under the loosely draped robe, his exposed skin bore old scars. Grimacing from the throbbing pain in his head, Daaemon ran his left hand irritably through his platinum hair, the soft strands brushing over his scars.

It wasn’t just the scars between his fingers. Hideous marks covered his entire body, itching constantly. Sometimes, he felt pains that shouldn’t be there; at other times, it felt as if the scars exuded the scent of blood. His expression darkened with irritation.

With heavy steps, he headed for the bathroom.

The bathwater, prepared by the servant, was comfortably warm. Daaemon tossed his robe aside carelessly and stepped into the tub. He hated having others attend to him during his bath, refusing any help. Alone in the quiet room, the water enveloped him in warmth.

His cold body gradually began to warm up. Leaning back and resting his arms on the edge of the tub, Daaemon let out a long sigh.

Beneath the rippling water lay a muscular figure, taut yet relaxed. If not for the scars, anyone would have considered this body a perfect work of art. Even among all the statues he had collected, none compared to the magnificence of his physique.

If not for the scars.

If not for that battle.

But there were too many things to blame. His abilities, his status, his lineage…

Daaemon tried to banish his chaotic thoughts by focusing on something else. As the warm water made him feel more and more languid, it reminded him of sipping wine.

That feeling naturally led his thoughts to someone. A naked woman, her face flushed red, sipping wine.

Daaemon had always liked clean nudity. Whenever his scars itched, he would calm himself by admiring the flawless human form. The sensation of insects crawling all over him would subside when he looked at nude artworks.

The sight of an uninjured, intact body brought him peace.

But that preference was always confined to art. He had never admired the body of a living person this way before.

Such arrangements were impossible. Anyone who tried to undress and throw themselves at him—regardless of age or gender—would be far too eager, and would immediately begin to fawn over him.

In that respect, Liv Rodaise’s demeanor was quite to his liking. Initially, it was merely her body that intrigued him, but her behavior turned out to be amusing as well. And yesterday—

When she chose the sofa instead of the usual bed and rolled her eyes nervously, she reminded him of a half-tamed wild cat. A cat that pretended to be on guard while slowly closing the distance.

Her slight show of trust, opening up to him a little, had been endearing enough for him to reward her with wine.

“…Twenty-five.”

Daaemon remembered the expression on Liv Rodaise’s face when he mentioned her age. She had looked embarrassed.

It wasn’t hard to guess why. As far as he knew, she was unmarried, and at twenty-five, most ordinary women had already settled down. Some might even have had a couple of children by then.

Society’s treatment of a woman past the usual marrying age was harsh. Most would assume that Liv Rodaise had some fatal flaw.

But such things held no significance for Daaemon . Engagements, marriages—was there anything more absurd and deceitful?

Institutions like that were merely a facade to make society appear respectable. Even without them, men and women were easily entangled. All it took was a trivial reason.

A drop of wine, for example.

Daaemon tilted his head slightly. As he moved, water slid down his collarbone.

“Red wine…”

Even in hindsight, Daaemon still preferred unblemished, intact bodies. However, the stain from yesterday—

“Not bad.”

Yes, it wasn’t bad. The sight of the red stain on her pale, round chest.

The skin that gave off a sweet scent of wine, rather than the stench of blood, looked surprisingly appetizing.

…Appetizing.

Daaemon , scoffing at his own thoughts, glanced downward. As he realized his mouth had begun to water, he noticed that his groin had stiffened beneath the rippling water.

Seeing his half-erect cock swaying below the distorted water surface, Daaemon let out a low chuckle.

Like gazing at another’s flesh, Daaemon stared at his own erection. Slowly, he submerged his hand beneath the water, and the thick shaft grew even harder in his grasp.

He must be insane.

Thinking so, Daaemon leaned back further, releasing the tension in his body. His long, naked form sank deeper into the tub, causing water to spill over the edge. With his eyes closed, a deep furrow appeared between his brows, and his lips parted slightly.

The low moan that filled the bathroom resembled the contented growl of a well-fed beast.

 



 

The time Liv had thought of as merely extra work had completely changed with just one glass of wine.

Liv wiped her damp hands on her apron and let out a sigh. The sight of water splashing onto her chest during dishwashing immediately reminded her of the Marquis’s gaze—there was definitely something wrong with her.

“You must be losing your mind, Liv Rodaise.”

Thoughts of the Marquis slowly took over her daily life, until, before she knew it, her head was filled with nothing but him.

And this was after only a few weeks. Just two months ago, he had been nothing to her, yet now, she found herself thinking of him constantly.

That man was like a fast-spreading poison—one that was not only sweet and lethal but also addictive.

“Sister, is today a day off?”

Lost in her thoughts, staring at her damp hands, Liv was startled by Corida’s voice. She turned around, her exaggerated reaction making Corida look at her curiously.

“Sister?”

“Oh, yes.”

“Is something wrong?”

“No, nothing.”

Liv hurriedly dried the dishes and removed her apron. Today was her day off. Recently, she had been so busy going out that she hadn’t been able to focus much on the house or Corida, so she planned to spend the entire day at home.

“You’re not going out today?”

“No. I’ve been too busy to pay attention to you or the house lately. I’ll catch up on the chores today, and I’ll cook for us soon.”

Since she had gone to the market early in the morning, the pantry was well-stocked. The extra earnings had allowed her to buy more than usual, and her bags had felt heavier as a result.

Hearing Liv speak so cheerfully, Corida forced an awkward smile.

“Oh, alright.”

Usually, Corida would be thrilled at the thought of spending the entire day with her, but today, her reaction seemed oddly muted. Liv, sensing something amiss, tried to get a better look at Corida, but her sister turned away quickly.

Liv watched Corida’s back, squinting slightly.

Could she be upset about something?

Recalling the past few days when she had been too distracted to notice that Corida had run out of her medication, Liv realized her sister had every reason to feel hurt.

Of course, she’d be upset.

Liv had always put Corida first. But lately, even Liv had to admit that her attention had been elsewhere.

Elsewhere, meaning…

Unintentionally, Liv found herself thinking of the Marquis again. Shaking her head quickly, she moved to open a small window for ventilation and gathered cleaning supplies when Corida spoke up from behind.

“I’ve been cleaning here and there.”

“Thank you for that.”

Liv smiled as she replied, approaching Corida’s bed. Corida wasn’t physically strong, and her attempts at cleaning weren’t always effective, especially with the state of their old home. If they didn’t maintain it properly, pests and rodents would take over in no time.

Rolling up her sleeves, Liv lifted the bedsheets to clean thoroughly.

“Wait, don’t—!”

Corida’s urgent cry coincided almost exactly with Liv bending down to check under the bed.

 “…What is this?”

Under the bed, where there should have been nothing but dust, was a basket. In this small house, there was no way something could exist without Liv knowing about it, so she didn’t hesitate to pull the basket out.

When she lifted the thin cloth covering it, she saw cloth, needles, and thread spools inside. Liv, who had often taken up sewing in urgent times, immediately recognized what it was. What puzzled her was why it was under the bed.

Liv, staring down at the basket with a bewildered look, picked up the cloth on top. Seeing the clumsy stitches, Liv turned to Corida with a look of disbelief.

“Did you do this?”

“I-I mean…”

“Is it a new hobby?”

Alone at home all day, she must have gotten bored and taken up a hobby like this later on.

Liv tried to understand, but she saw Corida hesitating, her face turning red as she avoided eye contact and stared down at her feet.

There was no mistaking that reaction.

“Who taught you this?”

Liv had never handed Corida a needle. Not just needles—she had also kept her away from kitchen knives. She had always taught Corida to avoid dangerous tools unless absolutely necessary. And that was because, in the past, Corida had hurt herself, and the bleeding hadn’t stopped easily, causing great trouble.

Corida knew better than anyone that when she got hurt, her bleeding was heavier and lasted longer than it did for others. She had lived cautiously, always mindful of that.

At least, Liv had thought she was careful. Until she found this basket.

“It-it’s not that hard, so… I just…”

“Corida, who gave this to you?”

There was no way Corida, who never left the house, could suddenly acquire sewing materials like this.

Could Pomel have said something foolish about rent, convincing Corida to do this? Liv gritted her teeth, putting down the basket and jumping to her feet.

“It was Mr. Pomel, wasn’t it? Did he tell you to do something like this to cover the rent?”

Seeing Liv looking ready to confront him, Corida spoke hurriedly, “No! It was… Rita!”

“Rita?”

“I learned it from Rita… She said sewing is something you can do at home, so…”

Rita, their neighbor, cared a lot about Liv and Corida. She was about Liv’s age and had such a knack for handiwork that she supported her family with her embroidery. Since she worked at home, she sometimes kept Corida company, which Liv had always been grateful for.

But if she had known Rita was teaching this, she would have said something sooner.

Seeing Liv’s expression, Corida’s eyes welled up as she tried to explain.

“I-I begged her to teach me! I’m old enough to work now!”

Sure, Corida was fifteen, and depending on the family’s situation, many girls her age started working. But that was only true for healthy fifteen-year-olds.

“You did? Don’t be ridiculous, Corida. Who told you to work? I told you, didn’t I? I started extra work, and now my pay is enough.”

“But you haven’t been eating dinner, working late…”

At that moment, Liv thought about the “extra work” she did without dinner. The secret work where she bared herself and became a man’s entertainment.

Corida believed that Liv was staying up late with books and paperwork on an empty stomach. She could never imagine her sister stripping before a stranger to make money. So, of course, she tried to help by earning whatever she could.

Liv’s face flushed red with shame and embarrassment. The indignation caused by her unseemly work was unfairly directed at Corida.

“What if you push yourself and collapse? Who will take care of you then?”

“I’m not stupid! I can handle my own body…!”

“You’re already alone at home—what if you get hurt doing this? Your bleeding doesn’t stop easily; what will you do then?”

“I just wanted to help, even a little.”

“Helping means not getting hurt or sick!”

With Liv’s raised voice, silence settled over the house.

Liv, her breath ragged, looked at Corida’s pale face and clenched her teeth. She felt a wave of regret so strong it made the back of her head throb.

“I’m sorry. I went too far.”

Liv pressed her forehead with her hand and apologized in a drained voice. Corida, who had been staring at her blankly, suddenly shook her head vigorously.

“No, it’s only natural for you to worry.”

“I just…”

Liv opened her mouth but couldn’t look Corida in the eyes, dropping her gaze.

“I just worry about you so much. If anything were to happen to you while I’m gone…”

“I’m sorry, sister.”

Corida, at a loss, stomped her feet and apologized. Her reaction only made Liv feel more ashamed, and she couldn’t bring herself to lift her head.

“I’m making plenty of money these days. So, please don’t do things like this. Got it? I can take care of us with my earnings; you don’t need to work.”

Liv spoke calmly, her gaze fixed on the floor, then glanced up at Corida. Corida still looked downcast and dejected.

“If I were healthy, things would be better.”

“You’ll get better. You’ve held on this far, haven’t you? Actually, I heard while I was at the pharmacy—they said a new medicine has been developed.”

The pharmacist’s words were a comfort in times like this. Liv couldn’t promise it would cure Corida, but she painted a vague picture of their rosy future, hoping to give Corida some hope.

Corida didn’t look entirely convinced, but her expression was much calmer than before. Liv, feeling inwardly relieved, gave her a gentle smile.

Maybe the new medicine would truly restore Corida’s health. If it could make their lives even a little better. If she could just get Corida treated by a more competent doctor. If only they didn’t have to struggle to make ends meet every day, everything might improve.

If Million were in Corida’s situation, the wealthy Pendence family would have found a solution long ago.

 

“But Liv, since you work for a noble family, maybe you could use your connections to get it somehow?”

 

The innocent suggestion from the pharmacist echoed in Liv’s mind.

Use connections to get the new medicine? That kind of luck wouldn’t happen to her. God had never even answered her smallest prayers.

But…

 

“Who knows? A miracle might happen.”

 

The Marquis had said that humans could achieve anything, and he had granted her prayer.

Liv had never imagined she could hope for anything more after escaping her immediate hardships. But without realizing it, she found herself wondering.

Could he create another miracle?

Could he…

Liv shook her head fiercely, cutting the thought short. It was an absurd idea.

Pray to him? Ask for the new medicine? Ask him to heal Corida? That was far different from simply earning a little extra money. There was no reason for him to grant such a request.

Determined to rid herself of these foolish thoughts, Liv busied herself with chores. Housework was the perfect way to ground herself in reality.

 



 

The largest street in Buerno ran through the city center.

In the middle of this central street was a plaza. At the center of the plaza stood a tall clock tower, with a bell that rang every hour. The clear sound carried throughout Buerno, drawing tourists to the plaza.

On either side of the clock tower stood twin fountains. Their picturesque beauty often caused passersby to stop and catch their breath.

The newspaper boy had set up his stand in front of one of these fountains.

Liv, clutching her coat, cautiously glanced around before spotting the boy and breathing a sigh of relief.

The central street wasn’t a place Liv frequented. It wasn’t part of her usual route, and the large, luxurious shops along the boulevard were places she had no reason to visit.

The street was overwhelming, with carriages, horses, and the occasional automobile bustling about. Well-dressed people filled the sidewalks, making her feel stifled just watching them. Liv moved quickly, wanting to finish her business and leave.

“Newspaper! Get your newspaper here!”

Navigating her way through the crowded street, Liv finally reached the boy and pulled out some coins. The rough texture of the newspaper soon filled her hands.

In truth, she could have gotten a newspaper elsewhere—there were many streets where they were sold. Even along her usual route, she could have found a few newspaper boys. But Liv had come all the way here because the newspapers sold on the central street were published by the largest newspaper company in the country, often featuring even international news.

Stepping to the side to avoid the passing crowds, Liv unfolded the paper. She quickly skimmed past the articles that didn’t interest her, but then her gaze came to a sudden stop.

 ‘Dominian.’

It was the name she had been looking for. The Dominian Academy was a place only the children of the upper nobility could attend, often used as gossip fodder by the newspapers. Naturally, its name appeared in today’s paper as well.

The unfortunate part was that it only talked about the Dominian Academy, with no news about the medical research institute.

Was relying on newspapers to find out about the new medicine impossible after all?

Liv’s expression turned gloomy. After taking out her frustration on Corida, she had resolved to learn more about the so-called new medicine. If it had been successfully developed, she expected the newspapers to be talking about it constantly, which was why she had checked the most prominent one.

She had been about to close the paper, but since she had already paid for it, she decided to skim through the rest. As expected of a major newspaper, it was filled with all sorts of news, neatly categorized.

There were even articles about international news. Stories about a neighboring country’s high-ranking nobles breaking off an engagement or a cardinal planning a visit to this country soon. None of it had anything to do with Liv—it was all too far removed from her, even as idle gossip. Liv sighed as she folded the paper, disinterested.

Her next destination was Hyrob Apothecary, located on Central Boulevard. It was the largest pharmacy in Buerno and was famous for supplying medicines directly to noble families.

The owner of her regular pharmacy often envied the sheer quantity of rare ingredients and the number of clients Hyrob served. When Liv had inquired about the new medicine, he had hinted that she might learn more at Hyrob.

As expected of a shop on Central Boulevard, Hyrob’s exterior was dazzling. It looked more like a boutique or a jewelry store than a pharmacy.

Unconsciously keeping her distance, Liv took a deep breath before setting her resolve and approaching the shop.

But before she could even touch the door handle, someone stepped in front of her.

“Where are you from?”

“Pardon?”

Liv blinked at the man in front of her. Before she could answer, he glanced at the paper in his hand and asked again, “Are you from the Poin estate by any chance?”

“…Oh.”

How big must this place be for a gatekeeper to be stationed at the entrance?

Seeing Liv’s momentary confusion, the gatekeeper’s friendly smile turned more serious.

“Do you have an appointment?”

“I haven’t made an appointment.”

“In that case, I’m afraid I must first confirm your identity. Could you tell me which family you belong to?”

“…I’m not employed by a noble family.”

The smile completely disappeared from the gatekeeper’s face.

“May I ask the purpose of your visit?”

He spoke in a businesslike tone, stepping back slightly as if used to dealing with situations like this. Of course, he still blocked her way.

Liv felt herself shrinking back for a moment but bit her lip and raised her head.

“Isn’t the purpose the same for anyone visiting a pharmacy?”

“Ah, a customer.”

There was something odd in the gatekeeper’s eyes. Before Liv could grasp the nuance, he quickly spoke again, “Hyrob keeps a large number of sensitive medicines, so browsing inside is not allowed. I ask for your understanding.”

“I’m not here to browse…”

“If the medicine you want to purchase is rare, you must make an appointment and wait. Otherwise, it would be wiser for ‘customers’ to find somewhere more convenient to visit.”

Liv’s face turned red. She had not expected to be turned away at the door. Barely suppressing her anger at the sudden humiliation, she asked in as calm a voice as she could manage.

“Can’t I at least get a consultation?”

“I’ve already provided the information you need.”

“How can I make an appointment?”

The gatekeeper frowned slightly at Liv’s question. He glanced down at his paper, then sighed in a seemingly regretful tone.

“I’m sorry, but it seems appointments are fully booked for now.”

Not even appointments were allowed. Liv felt her frustration boil over. It was clear the gatekeeper had never intended to let her into the shop. He must have thought of her as just some worthless passerby with no purchasing power, someone who had come merely to look around.

How should she address this rudeness?

After glaring at the store for a moment, Liv clenched her teeth and nodded.

“Alright. I understand.”

As she stepped back willingly, the gatekeeper withdrew his attention with a disinterested expression. His attitude made her want to protest to the shop somehow.

But that feeling passed quickly.

After all, the gatekeeper was right—there was no way Liv could become an important customer at Hyrob. She had only come hoping to find information about the new medicine, not to buy expensive remedies. Protesting about unfair treatment might do nothing more than bolster her pride.

Since she had told Corida about the new medicine, Liv wanted to get more concrete and realistic information.

The long, difficult walk home, empty-handed, was disheartening. Not wanting to return with nothing, she stopped at a pastry shop. It was the same store where Baroness Pendence had bought her those exquisite sweets.

She couldn’t afford the same expensive treats, but she had enough money left to buy something decent. Calculating her remaining funds in her head, Liv moved forward.

She should pay next month’s rent to Pomel in advance. She didn’t want Pomel and Corida to have any dealings over money.

“Liv!”

Lost in thought, Liv looked up at the sound of someone calling her name. She blinked in surprise, recognizing the woman running toward her, basket in hand.

“Rita.”

Oh, right. There was something she needed to discuss with Rita too.

“What’s this? Why is it so hard to see you these days?”

It seemed Rita hadn’t heard anything from Corida yet. She glanced at the bag of pastries Liv held and gasped, her eyes widening.

“Oh my, those are expensive pastries, aren’t they?”

“Listen, Rita—”

“Goodness. And that newspaper, it’s the one sold on Central Boulevard, right? Did you go there?”

Ignoring Liv’s words, Rita’s voice rose in excitement.

“Why would you even go to Central Boulevard…? Wait, don’t tell me! Did you switch pharmacies?”

Rita immediately thought of Hyrob. She had often seen Liv worrying over Corida, so it seemed she had guessed correctly.

Seeing Rita’s wide eyes, Liv quickly shook her head. “No, of course not. I just wanted to check the newspaper, that’s all. More importantly, Rita—”

Liv tried to speak again, but Rita, too caught up in her excitement, spoke over her, “My, Liv! So it’s true that your situation’s improved recently!”

Liv, on the verge of snapping, froze at those words.

“No, Rita. What do you mean, rumors?”

“Hmm? Someone said they saw you getting off a fancy carriage after work recently.”

“Me, getting off a fancy carriage…?”

Liv started to question her, but then suddenly fell silent. A vision of a pitch-black carriage flashed through her mind.

The place where she was dropped off had barely any gas lamps, and it was late at night, meaning there were rarely any people around. And the carriage itself was black, so it would have been hard to notice.

The thought that someone might have seen her made her shiver, but she quickly steadied herself. There were no markings on the carriage, so there was no way to connect her to Marquis Dietrion. And he couldn’t be the only one using a black carriage, after all.

“It’s just a temporary job. Anyway, Rita, did you teach Corida how to sew?”

Instead of giving a lengthy explanation about the carriage, Liv chose to change the subject. Rita knew how much Liv cared for Corida, so her expression immediately turned worried, her brows knitting together.

“Oh, Liv, you’re not mad about that, are you? Corida is fifteen now.”

“But she’s sick. She’s a patient.”

“Still, Corida’s grown too much to spend her entire day cooped up in that tiny house. A bit of sewing is a good distraction for her. You know she always felt guilty that you had to cover all the expenses alone. And with you coming home late so often these days, she’s been so worried.”

“I have no intention of making Corida work. If she’s bored, I’ll get her some books to read. That would be much better for her.”

When they were struggling just to make ends meet, she couldn’t even think about buying books, but if things stayed like this, she might be able to buy some without it being a burden. If Corida’s health allowed, Liv could even give her simple lessons at home.

Rita’s jaw dropped. “You can afford books now?”

Liv closed her mouth again. The conversation had taken a turn she hadn’t intended.

Ignoring Liv’s uncomfortable expression, Rita worriedly grabbed her shoulder, whispering, “Oh my, Liv. You’re not doing something dangerous, are you?”

 “…It’s just a simple assistant job. Office work.”

A lie slipped out. Liv found it difficult to face Rita, so she pretended to brush her hair back, avoiding her gaze.

“Well, given your education, that kind of work is certainly possible for you.”

Thankfully, Rita accepted Liv’s lie without much suspicion.

So my education comes in handy even for lying.

Liv smiled bitterly, then spoke more firmly to Rita, “Anyway, Rita. I know you meant well, but please don’t give Corida any sewing work. I’d rather take on more jobs myself.”

“Alright, alright, I get it.”

Liv had planned to give a long explanation about how dangerous a needle could be for Corida, but Rita seemed to catch on and quickly raised a white flag. Then she narrowed her eyes and asked in a suggestive tone.

“By the way, Liv, are you sure you didn’t actually go to Hyrob?”

“No.”

“Ah, I was hoping that someone from our neighborhood finally got to see the inside of Hyrob.”

Rita sighed as if disappointed, then shrugged her shoulders.

“Well, we wouldn’t see anything good even if we went there. Dressed like this, we wouldn’t even be allowed in.”

Only then did Liv look down at her own clothes, somewhat self-conscious. A worn coat, frayed hat ribbon, and shoes caked in dried mud.

Ah, so it was my appearance.

She had guessed from the gatekeeper’s gaze, but seeing just how shabby she looked made Liv laugh bitterly. She had shown up at that grand store, claiming to be a customer, dressed like this—no wonder the gatekeeper, who was used to dealing with noble servants, treated her with such disdain.

The cleanest and most proper outfit she owned was reserved for Million’s lessons. If she had dressed as she did when working at Baroness Pendence’s, perhaps she wouldn’t have faced such humiliation today. But what difference would it have made?

Even if she’d dressed well enough to enter the store, she had a feeling the outcome would have been no different.

“Well, I need to return this basket, so I’ll be off.”

“Alright.”

Rita glanced up at the sky before saying her goodbyes, as if she were in a hurry, and then turned away. Liv watched Rita scurry off before she resumed walking. She had planned to head straight to see Pomel, but looking at the bag of pastries in her hand, she reconsidered.

They say rumors are going around that my situation’s improved.

Pomel wouldn’t be fooled about the origin of the pastry bag. Liv decided to head home first to drop it off.

But whether it was luck or misfortune, just before she reached home, she ran into Pomel, who was carrying a bag under his arm.

“Well, look who it is!”

Pomel greeted her with an exaggeratedly cheerful face. Liv pursed her lips, her expression stiff.

When she couldn’t pay the rent, he would glare at her so sharply, but now that she’d paid, his attitude had changed in an instant. Though she had stayed because she had no better place to go, Pomel was a landlord she could never warm up to.

“Liv!”

“Hello, Mr. Pomel.”

Acknowledging him reluctantly, Liv forced herself to respond. Pomel beamed as he approached her.

“Why does it feel like it’s been so long since I’ve seen you?”

“Because I paid the rent.”

“Hey, that’s harsh. Rent isn’t the only reason we see each other, is it? We should get along well as neighbors.”

Pomel’s overly friendly demeanor made Liv wary. His changing attitude after getting paid wasn’t new, but this transformation seemed particularly suspect.

Pomel must have sensed Liv’s caution, but he didn’t seem to care, playfully tapping her arm.

“If you’re having a hard time, just let me know anytime.”

“I’d have a lot less trouble if you didn’t bother me, Mr. Pomel.”

Pomel laughed at Liv’s sarcastic reply, then stepped closer and subtly lifted his hand.

“Come on, Liv. I’ve at least handled some money in this neighborhood, haven’t I?”

Rubbing his thumb and index finger together, he whispered suggestively, making Liv frown.

“When people suddenly come into a lot of money, they tend to spend recklessly without knowing how to manage it. I know a lot about where to invest.”

“…What are you even talking about?”

“Liv, I heard your situation’s gotten better recently.”

“Sorry, Mr. Pomel, but I don’t know where you heard that. It’s not true at all. If things had improved, I would have moved out by now.”

Liv shook her head firmly. Pomel squinted, testing her with his sly remarks, but Liv showed no sign of wavering as she walked past him. She could feel Pomel’s lingering gaze on her back.

What sort of rumors were circulating for Pomel to act like this? A growing unease crept over Liv.

The way home, so familiar from her daily walks, suddenly felt particularly strange.

 



 

After her visit to the central boulevard, Liv had worked two more additional shifts. And both times, she felt someone’s gaze as she stepped out of the black carriage.

Perhaps it was just her heightened senses picking up on things that weren’t even there. If it was just her imagination, that would have been a relief.

But once a sense of unease took hold, it began to swell.

If anyone discovered she received extra pay at the end of each shift, she could become a target for crime. And if she were the only target, that would be one thing. But Corida, sick and alone at home late into the evening, weighed heavily on her mind.

Liv inspected the security of their home immediately. She added more locks to the front door, secured the windows, and repeatedly warned Corida to be wary of strangers.

But she couldn’t shake the feeling of unease.

She had been so happy just to be earning more money, but now an unexpected concern had arisen.

Within a few days, Liv’s face had grown noticeably darker. Baroness Pendence even advised Liv to take a break if she wasn’t feeling well, expressing concern. Though Liv tried to reassure her with a smile, it seemed unconvincing to the baroness.

Should I just move?

The thought had crossed her mind. But when she considered where she could go, she couldn’t come up with a suitable place.

The reason she was currently able to afford a little more comfort was because they were living in the cheapest part of Buerno. Moving to a safer neighborhood would mean higher living expenses. Relying on unpredictable extra work to cover higher fixed costs was too risky.

What if the extra work ended right after they moved?

The more she thought about it, the less she could find a solution, and the more stifled she felt. Liv sighed without realizing it.

Would someone be watching her again on her way home today? If they realized she was carrying a thick envelope of money…

“Teacher.”

“Yes?”

“What are you thinking about?”

“Ah…”

Liv, who had been sitting there absentmindedly, snapped out of her thoughts. Blinking in confusion, she quickly remembered where she was—the marquis’s room, in the middle of her extra shift.

Today, the marquis wasn’t drinking wine. Instead, a lit cigar was slowly burning between his fingers.

“You’ve been sighing nonstop since you entered this room. Have you grown tired of the job?”

It sounded like he was saying he could let her go if she wished. Liv’s heart sank at the question.

“No.”

Recently, the marquis had been treating her more gently. To be precise, it had started on the day they shared wine. But that had only been for a short time, and he was still a sensitive man who could change his attitude at any moment.

For that reason, rather than leaning on the slight closeness they had gained to share her concerns, Liv chose to remain tense and cautious.

“I’m sorry for troubling you.”

It seemed her choice was the right one. The marquis nodded indifferently, showing no curiosity about her troubles.

He was simply dissatisfied that she wasn’t fully focused on the extra work. She couldn’t quite understand what more focus was needed for merely sitting still.

“If you’ve come to your senses, could you open that box in front of you?”

The marquis flicked his fingers toward a small box on the side table next to the bed. It was lavishly decorated with bright colors and a large ribbon—it was obviously an expensive item.

Liv hadn’t even noticed it until now, which made her realize how distracted she’d been. Ignoring the fatigue that threatened to overwhelm her, she stood up.

To open the box, she needed to untie the ribbon. Seeing that it was tied as if intended for a gift, Liv hesitated.

She awkwardly fumbled with the soft teal satin before finally pulling the ribbon’s end. The ribbon slipped off smoothly, without any resistance.

“This is…”

Liv stared down at the opened box, standing there in a daze. From behind her, the marquis spoke in his usual indifferent tone.

“Why don’t you try it on?”

Inside the box was a necklace.

A single teardrop-shaped ruby hung from a thin chain, delicate enough to be nearly invisible unless it caught the light. The ruby was cut with exquisite precision, its color so vivid and clear that Liv felt almost afraid to touch it.

She turned to look at the marquis without thinking. He frowned slightly as he watched her hesitate.

That reaction was as good as pushing her forward. Liv cautiously picked up the necklace.

 Trying to fasten the clasp of the delicate necklace without a mirror led to several failed attempts, yet the Marquis simply observed in silence, offering no assistance.

After fumbling for some time, Liv finally managed to fasten the necklace, the ruby resting heavily against her chest. It was only after putting it on that she realized the chain was longer than typical necklaces. The cold jewel against her bare skin sent a slight shiver down her spine.

“I thought it would suit you well.”

The Marquis muttered in a low voice, his gaze fixed on the ruby hanging alone against her pale skin.

“Just like the wine.”

Liv, awkwardly looking down at the necklace, gave a small shudder. Despite clearly noticing her now visibly stiff demeanor, the Marquis showed no concern. On the contrary, he seemed somewhat pleased.

Should I sit in a way that makes the necklace more visible?

Liv, awkwardly standing, eventually perched herself on the edge of the bed, facing the Marquis directly. His eyes narrowed slightly.

As if all the displeasure he had shown toward her distracted state had been a lie, the Marquis, now relaxed, took a cigar into his mouth. Wisps of smoke swirled around him. It wasn’t much of a special day, except for the unusually strong cigar scent, so Liv’s attention soon shifted to the jewel.

She had never worn such an accessory in her life. During her school years, there was no occasion for jewelry, and even after graduation, she had never attended an event where such items were needed. If she had owned anything like this, she would have sold it long ago to support the household.

She knew little about jewels. However, she had heard enough to know that the clearer, brighter, and larger the gem, the more valuable it was.

It was possible that the small ruby hanging around her neck was worth more than her own body. The thought made her neck feel unbearably heavy.

Liv looked down at her chest absentmindedly.

“Keep it.”

Suddenly, the Marquis spoke. It took Liv a moment to understand what he meant.

“…Pardon?”

“Sometimes, a tip makes work more worthwhile.”

“No, thank you.”

The words of refusal came out instantly. The Marquis tilted his head slightly at her unhesitant rejection.

“Once worn, it can’t be given to anyone else. If you truly dislike it, you could sell it.”

Sell it?

Liv couldn’t help but laugh dryly.

Whether to a jeweler or a pawn shop, if she took this, the shop owner would call the police immediately. A simple claim of it being a gift wouldn’t be convincing; the jewel and Liv simply didn’t match. Even if it was true, she’d be lucky if she wasn’t accused of theft.

“No, really, it’s fine.”

“Weren’t you the one who said you were short on money?”

The Marquis looked genuinely puzzled by her refusal. After all, every reason that had brought her into this situation was related to money, so it was a natural question for him to ask.

Of course, Liv didn’t want to refuse a tip offered to her. If it had been cash, she might have accepted it without hesitation. But a piece of jewelry like this was a different matter.

“I have enough as it is. If my circumstances change too suddenly… it would look strange.”

The necklace was beautiful, but that was all. It was a valuable item with no practical use, and wearing it felt uncomfortable, as if it belonged to someone else. A little extra cash would be much more helpful for her daily life.

The Marquis, observing Liv’s face, which showed no hint of regret, spoke to himself, “It already looks that way, doesn’t it?”

Liv’s lips, previously calm, trembled slightly.

How could the Marquis always get to the point so easily?

“Were you robbed?”

This was a topic Liv had no desire to discuss. Seeing her remain silent, unwilling to answer, the Marquis clicked his tongue briefly. It was only a small sound, but it was enough to make Liv feel pressured.

Liv glanced at the Marquis’s expression, then reluctantly spoke, “I wasn’t robbed. It’s just… the carriage you provided is so luxurious that it caused a bit of misunderstanding.”

Maybe it would be better if he replaced the carriage she took home with something more common.

Lowering her gaze, Liv tried to think positively. The Marquis didn’t need to provide such an expensive carriage; using a reasonably priced one would cut down on unnecessary expenses. Then again, someone who handed her a necklace purely for its aesthetic appeal didn’t seem like the type to worry about the cost of a carriage.

Still, if his unpredictable generosity were to manifest today, it might alleviate the worries that had been weighing on her.

With that thought, a faint glimmer of hope appeared in Liv’s eyes.

“Ah.”

The Marquis let out a low exclamation at Liv’s words. Pressing his temple as if recalling something, he spoke again after a brief pause, “Your residence is in a slum, isn’t it?”

It wasn’t a slum.

Of course… it wasn’t a very nice neighborhood either.

“It’s an ordinary residential area.”

“If it’s a neighborhood where you have to worry about being noticed just for riding in a carriage, it doesn’t seem very ordinary.”

Liv chose not to argue. To the Marquis, her neighborhood and an actual slum probably looked the same. Denying it would only come off as pointless pride.

The Marquis, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, looked up.

“Do you want me to escort you?”

“…What?”

Liv blurted out without thinking. Her eyes widened, as if she had heard something impossible, and the Marquis twisted his lips slightly.

“Why, do I look like someone who doesn’t understand the concept of an escort?”

“No, it’s not that.”

In fact, it did seem that way. An escort? She hadn’t expected such a polite, refined word to come out of the Marquis’s mouth.

Then again, it would be strange for him not to understand courtesy. He was, after all, the esteemed Marquis Daaemon Dietrion. It wasn’t that he didn’t know how to be polite; he simply had no need to be.

But why was he talking about escorting her now?

Oh, right. He had asked if she had been robbed. Did he suggest this because he thought her way home was dangerous?

But how did that lead to an escort?

Following her tangled thoughts, Liv’s expression shifted multiple times. She was so caught up that she didn’t notice the Marquis watching her with amusement until much later.

He was waiting for her response.

Suppressing her confusion, Liv spoke cautiously, “I appreciate the offer, but it wouldn’t solve my fundamental problem, so I must decline.”

“Are you asking for a fundamental solution?”

There was a hint of a smile in the Marquis’s voice as he repeated her words. Liv, growing more flustered, quickly waved her hand.

“I’m not asking for anything…”

“Ask.”

Cutting her off, the Marquis spoke in a clear voice, “Ask, Teacher.”

The smile that had briefly touched his lips was gone, replaced by a cold, dry command.

Yes, a command.

A truly strange command. To ask him for something?

“Why should I make a request of you, Marquis?”

“Why shouldn’t you?”

Liv still looked baffled as she stared at the Marquis.

“If you need a reason…”

Trailing off, the Marquis stared at Liv with an intense gaze. He placed his half-burned cigar into the ashtray, the embers dimming.

“I’m curious. How far will a person who’s kept her pride even while stripped bare go if she oversteps her bounds?”

His words were so insulting that it was difficult for Liv to comprehend them all at once.

Liv, her expression blank, replayed the Marquis’s words over and over in her mind before finally flushing with delayed embarrassment. Her twisted expression revealed emotions she couldn’t fully conceal, spreading like spilled paint.

“If you find me unsatisfactory, then…!”

“Why do you think I find you unsatisfactory?”

Even as Liv raised her voice, the Marquis remained composed, clicking his tongue, his blue eyes gleaming.

“Wouldn’t it be more convincing to understand that you caught my eye?”

Liv, forgetting her anger, gaped at him. The Marquis’s way of thinking was far beyond her comprehension.

Liv opened and closed her mouth, eventually biting her lip to suppress a sigh.

The Marquis might be right. Wasn’t he the kind of man who had the peculiar habit of keeping someone naked before him for hours? Adding the habit of casually insulting someone he took an interest in was hardly a surprise. There were probably countless people who would be grateful for even that kind of attention from him.

This man was Daaemon Dietrion. The man everyone in Buerno longed to catch the eye of. A man who wielded such arrogant and ruthless words as if they were his right.

“I understand that you have an interest in me, Marquis, but I’m not sure if that interest is something positive for me.”

Liv conveyed her sentiment in a roundabout tone, expressing that she did not appreciate his interest. Fortunately, the Marquis wasn’t slow to understand and seemed to catch her meaning quickly.

“Life itself is something you can’t be sure of, even a step ahead,” replied the Marquis nonchalantly, turning his gaze away from Liv. “You are more difficult than I expected, Teacher.”

A faint trace of annoyance lingered on the Marquis’s face as he muttered, “I thought it was just your body that was stiff, but your spirit is just as unyielding.”

“I…”

“That will be all for today.”

Although it was earlier than usual, the Marquis rose without hesitation. Liv, startled, quickly stood up as well, but the Marquis left the room without looking back.

Left alone, Liv realized belatedly that she had irritated the Marquis too much. Worry and regret surged through her.

But there was nothing she could do.

 Brad’s work pace had increased.

It happened after the Marquis stopped supervising him. Without the Marquis’s interference, Brad had free access to the studio as much as he needed, and he threw himself into his work as if trying to make up for lost time.

Even though it was what she had hoped for, Liv wasn’t happy at all. After the Marquis stopped attending the sessions, her extra work also came to a halt, without any indication of resuming.

Adolf had informed her that the Marquis would be away for a while, so there was no need for extra work in the meantime. He assured her that the contract hadn’t been terminated, just temporarily paused.

It was a relief that the contract wasn’t terminated. However, the uncertainty of when the extra work would resume left her in an uncomfortable position. On top of that, Brad’s accelerated progress only made her feel more anxious.

Would her extra work continue after Brad finished the painting?

Would she ever forget the substantial pay she’d tasted, even for a short while?

These thoughts weighed heavily on Liv’s mind. Moreover…

Once the extra work abruptly stopped, Liv realized she had become more interested in the Marquis than she initially thought.

Truthfully, anyone would have felt the same. For Liv, it was inevitable. She had spent more time with him than expected, and their frequent interactions had reduced the psychological distance between them. Of course, the Marquis’s physical attributes couldn’t be ignored.

Above all, no one knew that such a seemingly impeccable man had that peculiar hobby. The fact that only she knew the secret of such a remarkable man gave her a sense of significance.

It wasn’t merely her delusion. Looking back, it seemed like the Marquis treated her a little differently from others.

“But in the end…”

Liv swallowed a sigh and shook her head. She didn’t know what whim made him take an interest in her, but their last conversation had upset him, ruining everything.

Without the extra work, Liv could go home before nightfall, and she walked back with a lack of energy. The only comfort she found in this situation was that the strange, watchful gaze that had unsettled her for some time had disappeared. Since she no longer took an expensive carriage home late at night, the odd rumors circulating in the neighborhood would also disappear.

Out of habit, she made her way to the chapel. She hadn’t visited in a long time, having been too busy with extra work.

In front of the chapel building, now coming into view, stood a familiar figure holding a broom.

“Hello, Miss Liv!”

“Hello, Betryl.”

Betryl looked the same as always, and seeing him made the events of the past few weeks feel like a distant dream. It made her wonder if this was reality, while everything involving the Marquis had just been an illusion.

Betryl greeted her warmly and spoke with a broad smile, “There are so many visitors seeking God’s embrace today.”

At his words, Liv’s gaze turned to the chapel’s worn entrance. As soon as she heard the word “visitors,” an unexpected individual she often encountered there came to mind.

Could the Marquis be inside?

Just the thought made her palms feel damp. A sense of tension, whose cause she couldn’t pinpoint, made her spine stiffen.

Swallowing dryly, Liv cautiously pushed open the door. Just as Betryl had said, despite it not being a service time, many people were seated in the pews. Liv’s eyes quickly scanned the backs of the congregation.

No platinum blonde hair in sight.

Liv, standing there with an involuntary expression of disappointment, startled herself. Disappointed?

‘Get a grip.’

Scolding herself sharply, Liv looked around for an empty seat. She noticed a few people rising to leave, and her feet moved naturally in that direction.

As she neared the empty spot, Liv instinctively halted. The person approaching from the opposite side did the same.

“Oh? Teacher Rodaise?”

“Teacher Marcel?”

The person greeting her with surprise was Camille. He smiled brightly as he spoke but suddenly paused, his face changing as if realizing something.

“Wow, I never thought I’d run into you here. To think… Ah.”

The one greeting her with a familiar face was Camille. He beamed as he spoke but abruptly froze, his expression hardening as if some thought had crossed his mind.

“For even you to come here, he must indeed be extraordinary.”

Camille seemed a little regretful, perhaps even disappointed. Though she didn’t know the details, Liv could sense he had jumped to some kind of conclusion on his own.

Furrowing her brows, she calmly responded, “I’m not sure what you’re implying.”

“It’s alright. There’s probably no one in Buerno who isn’t interested in him.” Camille waved dismissively, forcing a smile.

Liv’s expression grew more rigid as she spoke in a lowered voice, “Pardon me, Teacher Marcel, but I’ve been attending this chapel for a long time.”

“So, you’re not here to see him?”

“Who are you talking about?”

“The Marquis Dietrion.”

Liv’s eyes widened. Seeing her reaction, Camille’s expression turned peculiar.

“You really didn’t know, did you?”

Camille, pressing his hat down on his head, glanced around the chapel. A few people sitting nearby turned their heads to look at them, seemingly drawn by their conversation. Liv also noticed the gathering attention and felt embarrassed.

“This isn’t the best place for a conversation. Shall we step outside?”

Liv hesitated briefly before nodding.

Without any warm tea to share, Liv and Camille sat on an outdoor bench near the chapel, and their conversation dragged on longer than expected.

In the end, she left without offering the prayer she had come for. But she wasn’t too disappointed about missing the prayer. What bothered her more was her suspicion that the chapel wouldn’t be peaceful anymore.

“If I’d known you were attending here, I would’ve come sooner.”

“You can start coming from now on.”

“Well, it seems even this small space won’t be available for much longer.”

Camille clicked his tongue exaggeratedly as he saw more people approaching the chapel.

He muttered under his breath, seemingly to himself, “The rumor will likely spread further.”

Liv responded with an awkward smile, subtly shifting her gaze.

So all those people crowding into the chapel had heard a certain rumor and had come because of it.

The rumor that Marquis Dietrion attended this chapel.

Camille was also among those who had come because of that rumor. With an awkward laugh, he said, “I wanted to see if there was something special about the place that His Lordship the Marquis frequented.”

And when Liv, who had mentioned having an interest in the Marquis at Million’s birthday party, appeared in the chapel, he assumed she was there for the same reason.

Liv glanced up at the small, old chapel building. Camille, misinterpreting her gaze, spoke reassuringly, “Everyone will soon realize it’s just a baseless rumor.”

“You think it’s a baseless rumor?”

“Of course.”

Camille shrugged, following her gaze.

“There’s no reason for the Marquis to come to such a worn-down chapel. If it were him, he would likely have a prayer room set up inside his own mansion.”

“…Right.”

Hearing Camille’s words made her think how odd it was. Why had he come here?

“Wait, Teacher Rodaise, have you ever seen the Marquis here?”

“Why would I? Why would the Marquis be here?”

Liv laughed and shook her head. Thinking back, it seemed like no one had caught her meeting the Marquis in this chapel. It wasn’t an encounter that would benefit anyone by making it known.

“True, right?”

As Camille laughed lightly, Liv checked the now-dark sky and turned around.

“I should get going. It’s gotten quite late.”

“Where do you live? I’ll accompany you part of the way.”

“It’s not far, so it’s alright. You should head back as well, it’s late.”

Camille insisted again, but when Liv refused, he didn’t push further. The more she interacted with him, the more she thought he was a decent man. She wondered how a man like him could have taken an interest in her as she shuffled away.

Night fell quickly.

After leaving the bustling chapel and entering a quiet alley, the difference felt stark. Liv exaggerated her footsteps, feeling the contrast even more keenly. There wasn’t a single passerby in sight on her way home tonight.

The dark, silent atmosphere made the alley feel eerier, and Liv huddled in on herself, trying to ward off the sudden chill. Crossing her arms and moving quickly, she suddenly picked up a faint sound mixed with her own footsteps.

Thud.

A muffled, heavy step trying to stay quiet.

Chills ran from her spine up to her neck. Alarmed, Liv came to a halt and turned abruptly, but there was no one in the dim alley.

‘It’s just my imagination.’

Desperately trying to reassure herself, Liv resumed walking. But once her senses were on high alert, they wouldn’t calm down easily. Walking even faster than before, Liv held her breath, straining her ears to listen behind her.

Thud, thud.

It wasn’t her imagination. The sound overlapped with her own steps but was heavier and more cautious.

She should have accepted Camille’s offer to accompany her.

Regret and fear flooded her, consuming her entire body. What if the source of those footsteps was the same person whose gaze she had felt for days? She thought it had disappeared, but what if they had been watching her all along, planning to rob her tonight?

All she had was a few coins intended for an offering. Would throwing it be enough to get away?

Her mind went blank as her steps quickened further. And the footsteps behind her kept pace.

 He no longer tried to hide his presence. Liv bit her lip until it bled. She glanced around nervously, clutching her skirt, then gritted her teeth and started running.

Stomp, stomp, stomp!

The sound of someone chasing after her made her mind go completely blank. Normally, at least one or two people would be on this road, but why was it empty today, of all days?

Desperately looking around for a place to call for help, she found none. The houses were tightly shut, curtains drawn over their windows, as if the residents wanted nothing to do with anything happening outside.

Would anyone come out if she screamed?

The people here were too preoccupied with their own survival. If they got caught up in someone else’s trouble and got hurt, their livelihoods could be directly affected.

Even if Liv were in their position, she wouldn’t come out at the sound of a scream. Her intervention wouldn’t help anyway, and if she got involved, Corida could be in danger too.

More likely, she’d lock her door even tighter…

The moment that thought crossed her mind, her running feet twisted sharply. She had lost her balance, slipping into a muddy puddle.

“Ugh!”

Thud!

Her body pitched forward. She instinctively braced her hands against the ground, just barely saving her face, but her knees took a hard hit. The stench of the filth mixed with the mud assaulted her nostrils.

There was no time to feel pain. Liv hurried to get up, but her legs wouldn’t cooperate. Meanwhile, the footsteps chasing her drew closer, stopping right behind her.

Liv, pale with fear, turned around where she had fallen. In the darkness, she saw a large figure towering over her. He reeked of an unpleasant odor as he moved closer.

“S-someone, save…”

Her voice shook as she tried to scream, but it felt like her throat was blocked, and no sound came out.

The man slowly raised his hand. Liv saw that he was holding something resembling a club, and she shut her eyes tightly.

Bang!

A sharp gunshot echoed through the quiet alley. At the same time, something hot splattered across Liv’s face. The metallic smell of blood hit her nose.

Liv trembled as she slowly opened her eyes.

“Gah…”

The man coughed up blood, and his massive body collapsed to the side.

“Haa, haa…”

Liv panted, staring blankly at the fallen figure. After a moment, she rubbed her cheek. Something wet and sticky had stained her hand. Even in the dim light, she could tell it was blood.

Blood poured from the man, forming a puddle on the ground. Though not quite dead, his body convulsed sporadically. Liv shuddered, scooting back while still sitting on the ground. Her arms and legs felt so weak that moving was difficult.

As she struggled to get farther away from him, she suddenly heard a voice above her.

“Are you alright?”

“Eek!”

Liv jumped at the voice, snapping her head upward. The man who appeared sighed, as if pitying her as he took in her pale face.

“…Adolf?”

“You seem very shaken.”

Adolf took out a handkerchief from his coat and handed it to her. Liv, barely managing to accept it in her daze, looked at him with a bewildered expression. Adolf spoke kindly, ignoring the bleeding man on the ground.

“For now, you should wipe off the blood.”

“Why… Why are you here, Mr. Adolf?”

Adolf glanced around the alley.

Despite the loud gunshot, no one had come outside. The few houses with their lights on had gone dark, and it seemed their residents were holding their breath, pretending no one was home.

If this went on for too long, someone might look out. Or perhaps they already were, hidden behind thick curtains.

“We should move somewhere else.”

“…What?”

Adolf pulled his hat down a bit more and gave her a faint smile.

“The Marquis is waiting.”

 



 

Daaemon owned several properties. Some were publicly known, while others were owned under borrowed names.

The small house they were in now was one of the latter. Though he had bought it under an alias, he had never found a particular use for it.

Today, that might change.

Daaemon glanced around the tiny interior of the house, wondering if it would finally have a purpose. He wasn’t really inspecting it; his idle gaze wandered meaninglessly.

“I’ve brought Miss Rodaise.”

Daaemon , who had been staring absently at the fireplace, glanced toward the door. Standing in the doorway was a pale-faced woman. Though she had washed and changed her clothes, her complexion still bore the shock of what had happened earlier.

A woman who had been covered in someone else’s blood, shaking uncontrollably, her clothes in complete disarray.

“You’re late.”

Daaemon checked the clock on the mantel and spoke indifferently. At his words, Liv’s pale lips parted slightly.

“We had to take care of some treatment.”

“Treatment?”

Daaemon ’s gaze shifted to Adolf, standing behind Liv.

“Just a minor bruise.”

He thought he had arrived in time.

“A bruise…”

Despite the irritation evident in Daaemon ’s voice, Liv didn’t seem particularly concerned. Or rather, she didn’t seem to have the capacity to care about his mood at that moment.

Understandably so. After almost being attacked, seeing her assailant shot right in front of her, and getting covered in his blood from close range, how could she be worried about Daaemon ’s mood?

Daaemon gestured to the sofa across from him.

“Take a seat.”

“Please sit here, Miss Rodaise.”

Adolf supported Liv by the arm and led her to the sofa. Daaemon watched her limp carefully to the seat, narrowing his eyes.

“Didn’t you say it was a minor bruise?”

“She twisted her ankle when she fell. She just needs adequate rest, and she’ll be fine.”

Daaemon ’s eyes followed her slender ankle, which peeked out briefly from under her skirt and then disappeared again.

“Please, have your conversation.”

After helping her sit down, Adolf bowed politely and withdrew. Liv, still half out of sorts, looked back at him, her gaze uncertain and pleading. In the short time they had spent together, she seemed to have come to rely on him significantly.

Daaemon quietly observed her. Liv watched Adolf as he left, letting out a shallow sigh when the door closed firmly behind him.

“Are you alright, Teacher?”

“Ah, yes.”

“You don’t look well.”

“It’s because I experienced something unpleasant.”

Liv’s hands trembled as she spoke, her fingers clutching her skirt as if trying to stop the shaking. She looked nothing like her usual composed self.

“It was indeed an unexpected event.”

“…I owe you a debt. I don’t know how I can ever repay you for this.”

Liv’s words of gratitude seemed more like something she had prepared in her head than genuine sentiment. Her anxiety showed in every gesture—her hunched shoulders, her restless eyes, her pale lips.

“If I’d known you were going to get hurt, I’d have acted faster.”

Liv, who had been rambling her thanks, suddenly paused. For the first time since entering the room, she slowly lifted her head. Her large green eyes locked onto his.

“Was it you who fired the gun, Marquis?”

The disbelief in her voice made Daaemon tilt his head slightly. “Who did you think it was?”

“I… I thought it was Mr. Adolf, of course…”

Liv’s stammering words gradually gave way to a cooler demeanor. The shock in her gaze shifted, giving way to faint suspicion. It seemed she couldn’t quite imagine Daaemon himself taking any direct action.

Of course, no one would think it likely that Daaemon would personally intervene in a situation like this.

Daaemon glanced around the room, ignoring her questioning gaze.

“It’s a rough neighborhood. I doubt today’s incident will be the last, but perhaps I’m being pessimistic.”

Liv’s face darkened.

“What happened today is unusual. It’s never been this dangerous before…”

“The issue is that you’ve become a target.”

At Daaemon ’s blunt remark, Liv fell silent.

“Do you think you can continue using that road comfortably?”

Of course not. She would hesitate to walk there whenever it got even a little dark. Each time she passed that alley, with its invisible bloodstains, the fear would resurface—that shadowy figure, the desolate surroundings offering no help, the cold, dark air.

Even now, just considering the possibility made Liv’s face freeze with fear.

Daaemon looked at her and spoke in a seemingly generous tone, “You should stay in this house. I’ll charge you the same rent you’ve been paying.”

“…This house?”

Liv finally took a moment to look around. It seemed she only now realized that this was not the usual secluded mansion. Instead, it was a typical home—though uninhabited, giving it a barren, empty feel.

“I don’t think it’s such a bad offer.”

Liv’s eyes moved uneasily as she scanned the room, her brow furrowing. Her voice conveyed her confusion clearly.

“This is far too generous a favor for me. Why are you showing me such… kindness?”

 Kindness?

Daaemon sneered involuntarily. Was there any word less fitting for him?

“Didn’t Adolf tell you the contract wasn’t terminated?”

“Are you suggesting that this place will be the new work location?”

“Of course not.”

This small house was far from Daaemon ’s taste.

“I want our contract to proceed smoothly.”

Daaemon crossed his long legs and clasped his hands on his knee.

“The main reason I insisted on forming a contract with you was because I found your bare form appealing. I don’t want any damage to it. And besides, I don’t want to see you distracted by unnecessary worries, affecting your work.”

Daaemon ’s blunt words made Liv’s face flush. The guarded demeanor she usually maintained had vanished, leaving her defenseless and visibly flustered.

She seemed to struggle to even understand what Daaemon was saying, and Daaemon found her reaction rather amusing. Watching her desperately held pride crumble bit by bit was quite satisfying.

“That’s why I took care of it.”

“Took care of it…?”

“Yes. This house. The thug, of course, wasn’t intentional, but that, too, was your luck.”

Liv wore a confused expression. Normally, she would have politely refused, saying she was fine. But after the recent ordeal, she was unsettled, looking fragile enough to break if nudged slightly. It was as if she would follow if gently pulled.

“It just so happened that I visited your neighborhood today, quite surprising timing, don’t you think?”

“…What brought you to my neighborhood today? If it was about this house, you could have mentioned it during the extra work.”

Liv managed to ask calmly, pretending she had regained her composure.

Daaemon glanced lazily at Liv’s hands, pale from the tension, and replied in a languid tone, “Who knows? Perhaps you were desperately calling for me.”

Liv’s eyes wavered significantly. She opened her mouth as if to speak but then lowered her gaze without saying anything.

Daaemon watched her silently, her exhausted expression lost in thought. He consciously leaned back, pressing against the shabby sofa. Though the cheap couch was uncomfortable, he deliberately sprawled into it, speaking in a nonchalant tone.

“Do you still seek God at the chapel?”

Sometimes, dealing with an enemy requires patience.

You wait until they’re within range. Until you’re certain that your bullet will completely sever their breath.

This wasn’t just a rule for the battlefield. To capture something, one had to be patient. The target didn’t always have to be an enemy. Whether it was prey or something else.

Daaemon ’s deep blue eyes, calm and lowered, recalled what had happened earlier. The woman trembling, quickening her pace, and the thug chasing after her.

 

“Shall I go help?”

 

It was Daaemon who stopped Adolf from intervening right away with a gesture. Daaemon , standing silently in the darkness, held his breath. It had been a long time since he’d held a gun, but his blood boiled as if he had fired just yesterday.

Yes, this feeling.

He might have thought that.

The muzzle aimed at the target without the slightest tremor. The darkness presented no obstacle to him.

Even when the woman fell to the ground in an unsightly manner, Daaemon didn’t pull the trigger. He waited a little longer. He waited until he was in perfect range, until Liv Rodaise fell into his grasp, gauging the moment when she would be entirely at his mercy.

And finally, when the thug raised his hand, and terror etched itself on her face.

Bang!

The woman, who looked as though she might burst into tears any moment, lifted her head the instant the shot rang out. Her eyes, wide with disbelief, stared at the miracle that had unfolded before her.

That same woman now looked up again, seated before him.

Daaemon realized she was seeking an answer. She wanted to know who had saved her. Was it some god above, or…

This time, Daaemon gave her a clear answer.

“I was the one who fired the gun.”

Daaemon watched as her face crumbled helplessly and allowed a faint smile to form on his lips.

It was a long-awaited, satisfying sense of victory.

 



 

The new house was in a quiet, ordinary residential neighborhood, far removed from where they used to live.

Their previous home had been cramped, the neighboring houses packed tightly like chicken coops. But the new house was entirely Liv’s, with no adjoining walls. Naturally, it was better in every way compared to their old place.

Last night, they had moved here in such a rush that Liv hadn’t even thought to look around the house. After all the tension had eased and after sleeping in late, it was already midday by the time she opened her eyes. It wasn’t until afternoon that Liv and Corida finally started exploring the house properly.

“Sister, are we really going to live here now?”

“Yes.”

Corida seemed amazed by the spaciousness, given that they had always been in a small, single-room house. She was busy exploring, her eyes filled with curiosity. Liv smiled at Corida’s excitement and turned away quietly.

The house had everything they needed, so all they had to do was move in. Still, it didn’t feel real to Liv that they were now going to live here. The Marquis had casually suggested they stay in this house, and though everything was much better now, the rent hadn’t changed.

The new place even had a small yard. The market was closer, and the route to the Pendence estate was much safer. Since the neighboring houses were some distance away, there was less concern about prying eyes. The police station was nearby too.

Sure, it was far from the chapel they used to attend, but given the uncertainty of whether she’d ever go back there, the distance didn’t bother her. In fact, she was relieved. The distance gave her an excuse not to go.

“Do I really get this room to myself?”

“Do you like it?”

“Of course!”

Corida beamed as she spoke, carefully placing the music box she had brought, her most cherished possession, on the windowsill. She looked genuinely happy.

If Liv had known Corida would be this happy, she would have moved into a place with a separate room for her sooner.

Lost in thought, Liv let out a hollow laugh. Without the Marquis, she would never have been able to indulge in the luxury of picking rooms. The thought was nothing but an empty dream.

 

“I was the one who fired the gun.”

 

The chilling voice echoed in her mind. Liv had no idea how to push away a man who had saved her without hesitation. She had kept her guard up, unwilling to accept more attention than she could handle, but last night, all her defenses had crumbled.

Liv admitted it to herself: the Marquis had easily crossed the line she had drawn.

He was a man who could provide everything she needed at that moment, and as long as Liv could hold his interest, he seemed willing to offer even more generosity.

Everyone called him unpredictable, sensitive, and antisocial, but at least Liv was closer to him than they were.

‘He may have an unusual hobby, but perhaps he’s better than I thought.’

He might simply be someone who kept few people around him, but a genuinely good person. At least, that was true for Liv.

To her, he was a greater presence than God.

“By the way, sister, who was that man we saw yesterday?”

“That man?”

“Yes, the one who brought me here.”

The person who had brought Corida to the new house was Adolf. He had returned with Corida just as Liv was finishing her conversation with the Marquis. It was absurd from Liv’s perspective, especially since she had warned Corida not to trust strangers. Apparently, Adolf had informed Corida that Liv had injured her leg.

Still, it was unsettling how easily Adolf had charmed Corida.

After leaving behind Liv, who had been too stunned to react, Adolf had smiled warmly and left. Corida seemed to have had a memorable conversation with him.

“He was someone I met while arranging for this house.”

“The landlord?”

“No, not the landlord… just an agent.”

The Marquis had left before encountering Corida. After he departed, Liv had spent quite a while sitting idly in their newly acquired home.

If not for the pain in her leg, she might have dismissed everything that had happened over the past few hours as a mere illusion.

“That man was way cooler than Mr. Pomel.”

“Really?”

“Yes!”

At least Adolf hadn’t treated Liv poorly, which was a relief.

Come to think of it, Adolf had treated Liv like a gentleman from the very first meeting. Even the Marquis… though his words were often harsh, his actions were always considerate. He had lent her a handkerchief, saved her from a thug…

Speaking of which, what happened to that thug who got shot yesterday?

Liv doubted the Marquis would have left things unresolved, but what if the thug survived and sought revenge?

Liv had seen the thug spit up blood and collapse with her own eyes, so she knew how unlikely it was. But once the possibility crossed her mind, she couldn’t shake the unease.

“Corida, I’ll be stepping out for a bit, so stay home.”

 “Is your ankle okay, sister? Maybe you should rest at home today.”

“I told you yesterday, it’s not a serious injury. I’ll be back soon.”

At Liv’s words, Corida looked down at Liv’s ankle with a worried expression. But she soon nodded and wished her a safe trip.

The ankle, which had hurt with even slight movement yesterday, had improved somewhat after a good night’s sleep. Although her limping gait would be noticeable if observed closely, it wasn’t enough to stop her from going out. Liv crossed the yard, passing through the unfamiliar front door.

She had already memorized the layout of the neighborhood. Adolf had kindly provided her with a map of the area, which even marked nearby shops and amenities. It seemed to have been custom-made with additional information beyond that of regular commercial maps.

Thanks to that, Liv was able to find the newspaper boy without any trouble.

Generally, newspaper boys were quick to pick up news, as they often overheard things while selling papers. They also tended to form their own networks, sometimes acting as breeding grounds for rumors.

“Newspaper!”

“I’m not here for a paper. I just want to ask you something.”

Liv handed the boy a coin. He grinned brightly, nodding at her.

“Did you hear anything about a murder last night?”

“Unofficially?”

An unofficial murder? Was that even a thing?

Liv’s expression turned awkward as she struggled to grasp the meaning.

“Uh… whether it was official or unofficial.”

“Oh, there’s plenty of that.”

The boy shrugged nonchalantly and continued, “All sorts of terrible things happen in the back alleys of Buerno—things a proper young lady wouldn’t even imagine!”

The boy, acting out some gentlemanly caricature he had likely seen somewhere, spoke with exaggerated flourish, “But Buerno was quite peaceful last night, so you don’t need to worry!”

After thanking him, Liv handed over another coin and turned to leave.

Peaceful, huh? Even after such a loud gunshot? It was hard to believe.

If she had been helpless against that thug, could it still be called peaceful? The thought alone sent chills down her spine.

Anyway, considering that neither the gunshot nor the man being shot had become public knowledge, it seemed that the Marquis had handled it well. He had the means to take care of things properly, especially since he had fired the shot himself—ensuring everything was neatly dealt with.

Liv wasn’t particularly concerned about the thug who had been shot. She was more worried about the Marquis. If he got entangled in an unnecessary incident because of her, Liv would find herself in a precarious position, as she had come to rely on him financially.

Not that it was only about the financial aspect… Not really…

 

“Do you still seek God at the chapel?”

 

Liv pressed her hand firmly against her chest.

The quick, pounding rhythm of her heart left her feeling strangely despondent.

 



 

Twisting her ankle slightly wasn’t a valid reason to miss Million’s lesson. Liv was relieved her skirt concealed the bruising on her leg as she arrived at the Pendence estate.

“Teacher, teacher!”

“Yes, Million. I’m listening.”

“I heard you moved near the Femon district!”

Once again, Million was more focused on chatting than on her studies. Liv nodded absentmindedly as she graded Million’s test paper. The more mistakes she marked, the deeper the frown lines on Liv’s forehead grew.

“There’s a really good cake shop there!”

For Million, who was notoriously picky, to say something was delicious meant it was indeed exceptional. Liv nodded at Million’s comment, which only seemed to encourage her further.

“It’s across from the jewelry alley in the heart of the Femon district! They make an incredible whipped cream cake.”

“Oh, I see. But Million, didn’t I tell you to review your lessons? Why are there so many mistakes?”

It seemed like more than half the questions were wrong. Or perhaps even more than half.

It was clear Million hadn’t reviewed as Liv had instructed.

“They also serve fruit juice with the cake! You can watch them squeeze the juice right there!”

“Your coming-of-age ceremony isn’t far off, and with so many mistakes, I don’t know how I can face Baroness Pendence.”

Liv pressed her hand to her forehead. If Baroness Pendence saw this test paper, she might sternly demand a change in teaching methods.

“My coming-of-age ceremony is still two years away. Teacher!”

“Million, don’t you realize that your etiquette lessons aren’t the only studies you should be focusing on?”

“Ugh, teacher…”

Million, who had been stubbornly avoiding the issue, finally slumped her shoulders in defeat. She quietly took back her test paper and began looking over her mistakes with a sullen expression.

Million was currently learning social etiquette. Though it seemed somewhat outdated for young noblewomen to learn these days, Liv had discussed the curriculum with Baroness Pendence beforehand and could not simply skip it. Besides, Million would need to learn it if she planned to engage in high society in the future.

“Honestly, all this stuff is outdated,” Million muttered in frustration, waving her test paper.

“It’s not quite outdated yet.”

Liv’s own certainty wavered as she spoke. After all, she herself hadn’t participated in high society events.

Still, the content she was teaching now was what she had learned during her time at Clemence Boarding School—a curriculum considered essential by all her noble peers. So, at the very least, Million needed to acquire the basic knowledge.

“By the time I’m old enough to join high society, everything will be different.”

“I understand your wish, but the social world is more conservative than you think.”

Million pouted, clearly unconvinced. Yet it seemed even she couldn’t entirely ignore her lessons, as she reluctantly opened her textbook.

“But teacher, did people really get engaged right after being born in the old days?”

Unfortunately, Million’s focus didn’t last even three minutes. Resting her chin on her hands, she looked up at Liv with sparkling eyes.

“Where did you read that?”

“In the book I read yesterday, the heroine got engaged to a man she didn’t even know right after she was born!”

“Ah, a new romance novel.”

No wonder she hadn’t reviewed—she must have been busy reading a novel. Though Million disliked studying, she usually put in more effort than this.

Liv could easily guess how late Million must have stayed up last night. She might even have pulled an all-nighter.

“But then she fell in love at her coming-of-age ceremony and broke off her engagement, defying her family!”

“A bold and headstrong heroine.”

To defy her family and break an engagement.

It seemed that the outdated customs of high society had begun to clash with Million’s imagination, influenced by the romance novel she had recently read. Liv finally understood what was behind Million’s uncooperative attitude toward her lessons.

Million was an enthusiastic reader, and her level of immersion usually depended on how entertaining the book was.

Judging by her reaction, she must have been deeply engrossed in yesterday’s novel.

Sure enough, Million, as if she were the protagonist herself, clasped her hands to her chest and dramatically declared, “But then it turned out the male lead was an illegitimate child of the king!”

“Oh, surprising.”

Despite Liv’s dry response, Million’s excitement peaked. She clenched her fists and energetically waved her arms in the air.

“So they faced a crisis together, but they ultimately overcame it through their love!”

“Yes, it sounds like an amazing story.”

A novel is just that—a novel. Liv nodded absently.

If they were engaged from birth, the families must have had significant history, making the broken engagement quite unrealistic. And to fall in love with the king’s illegitimate child and overcome everything with love?

In reality, an illegitimate child of the king was more likely to face execution at the guillotine.

It was undoubtedly fiction, devoid of realism, purely romantic.

Without knowing Liv’s thoughts, Million, still captivated by the story, asked again with sparkling eyes, “So, teacher, did people really get engaged at birth in the old days?”

“There are still cases like that today.”

“No way, you’re lying!”

As a newfound believer in bold and romantic love, Million reacted with exaggerated disgust.

“How could someone get engaged to a person they haven’t even met?”

“It’s a union between distinguished families. Didn’t you mention before about cooperation between families?”

“But that’s just cooperation! Getting engaged without love—how is that cooperation?”

“Marriage is the most solid alliance.”

Million pouted, glaring at Liv, who had shattered her romantic ideals.

“But things will change now. Even the Malte and Zighilt families called off their engagement.”

 Malte and Zighilt.

The familiar family names prompted Liv to search her memory for a moment. It didn’t take long for her to remember seeing those names in a recent newspaper.

She hadn’t found the news she wanted about the new medication, but she had come across an article about the broken engagement of prominent nobles from a neighboring country.

Malte and Zighilt were the protagonists of that noisy broken engagement. They were esteemed noble families from Torsten, well known for producing illustrious cardinals, generals, and politicians over generations. At the time of their engagement, it had seemed so natural that it wasn’t even considered big news. However, the annulment was so shocking that it spread all the way to the distant town of Buerno in Beren.

“You must be very interested in Torsten, Million. I had no idea you were so into diplomacy. I’ll be sure to ask Baroness Pendence to nurture this talent of yours.”

Baroness Pendence was always deeply interested in her child’s academic progress. If Liv informed her about Million’s “new talent,” she would surely be delighted and make every effort to cultivate it, perhaps even excessively.

Imagining her mother’s intense enthusiasm for education, Million shrieked in horror. “Ah! Teacher! I don’t want more lessons! And besides, what I care about is love, not diplomacy!”

“That’s fortunate. Love unfolds in the world of high society. So, let’s get back to the textbook and accumulate the knowledge you need.”

In the end, their conversation returned to where it had begun. Despite her gentle smile, Liv was firm, and Million slouched in resignation, grumbling.

“Ugh… Teacher Camille’s stories about high society are way more interesting than this book.”

Million complained, saying the words in the textbook were just like her grandmother’s nagging.

“Teacher Marcel knows a lot about high society?”

“Definitely! If you listened to him, you’d realize just how boring these textbooks are.”

He acted as if he only knew about artists and their patrons, but it seemed he was more deeply involved in the noble society than she thought.

He said his family wasn’t noteworthy, but maybe that wasn’t the case?

“I’m sure Teacher Camille is quite popular with young ladies.”

“Right? I thought so too.”

“Exactly! I should ask Teacher Camille about the scandals in high society next time!”

Liv gave Million a faint smile as she channeled her enthusiasm into something completely irrelevant, then lowered her gaze.

It didn’t matter to Liv which family Camille belonged to or how popular he was. She didn’t have any reason to meet him unless they arranged an appointment.

Recalling the handsome young man who greeted her warmly each time they met, Liv furrowed her brow. She suddenly remembered that he had once asked for an address to send her letters if he ever needed advice.

‘Now that I’ve moved, should I give him the new address?’

After a brief consideration, Liv shook her head.

She wasn’t struggling with teaching Million, so there was no need to let him know. If it was truly urgent, he could pass the message through Million.

She shook off the thoughts that briefly crossed her mind and firmly opened the textbook.

This time, Million couldn’t find any excuse to slack off and had to diligently correct her mistakes before she could leave her desk.

It was only after finishing all the day’s lessons that the session finally ended. Despite that, it was still bright outside.

Liv had deliberately started the lesson early, knowing she needed to finish and get home before sundown for the time being.

Out of habit, Liv checked the sky, and seeing the sunlight still bright, she sighed in relief.

How fortunate it was to be able to move right after the incident. She couldn’t even imagine returning to that neighborhood.

Liv passed through the main gate of the Pendence estate, quickening her pace. Her heart pounded violently as the memories of the near assault began to surface.

She needed to distract herself. She needed to think about something completely unrelated…

At that moment, she sensed a presence drawing close behind her.

“Ah!”

Startled, Liv shrank back and turned around. The person who had approached her from behind looked equally startled.

“Teacher Rodaise?”

“Oh… Teacher Marcel.”

Camille stood behind her, his hand awkwardly outstretched. Embarrassed, he lowered his hand, his expression turning apologetic.

“You were walking so fast that I hurried to catch up, and it seems I startled you. My apologies.”

“No, I… I overreacted.”

Liv’s heart, still racing from the scare, hadn’t calmed down, and her face remained pale. She answered as calmly as she could.

Camille still looked apologetic, as if he could tell her words were empty reassurance.

“I was just happy to see you and wanted to say hello.”

“Ah, I see.”

“I came to see Baron Pendence. He asked me to look over some paintings.”

Perhaps due to his embarrassment, Camille added unnecessary details, rubbing the back of his neck repeatedly, a gesture that revealed his awkwardness.

Seeing his genuine remorse, Liv found it difficult to remain distant. Her face softened slightly as she nodded.

“I see. Then you should go on in.”

Seeing Liv ready to turn and leave, Camille quickly waved his hand.

“I still have some time before my appointment, so it’s alright. Besides, I heard you moved recently. Is that true?”

How did Camille know that?

Liv nodded without thinking but couldn’t hide her curiosity as she looked at him. He seemed oblivious to her question.

“I was worried I might end up sending a letter to the wrong address.”

The reason he wanted to write to her in the first place was for advice on teaching Million.

Would he even need to write to her? Liv thought back to today’s lesson. From what Million had said, it didn’t seem like she disliked Camille’s lessons at all.

In fact, she might even prefer them over Liv’s.

“From what Million has told me, it seems you’re getting along quite well. I doubt there’s anything I could add.”

“I just shared a few pieces of gossip that piqued her interest. Who knows when things might become challenging again?”

His response was smooth, accompanied by a faint smile. Liv, watching him with an uncertain expression, tilted her head slightly and asked, “…But how did you find out about my move?”

“I happened to learn it while chatting with Million. Was it supposed to be a secret…?”

Camille’s smile faded as he anxiously watched her, his demeanor like a puppy unsure if it had done something wrong. Seeing him like that, Liv found it hard to stay sharp with him. If that demeanor was intentional, Camille was a truly talented actor.

Liv tried to reason with herself.

Million often went off-topic during her lessons with Liv. It wasn’t surprising that she’d do the same in her art lessons, likely sharing all sorts of trivial details.

Yes, she probably even mentioned the cake shop on the Femon district to Camille.

Despite trying to convince herself, Liv still felt uneasy, though she couldn’t quite pinpoint why.

“It’s not really a secret. I was just a bit surprised.”

“I’m sorry for startling you again. But moving so suddenly, I hope nothing happened?”

Camille, scratching his forehead awkwardly, looked at Liv with concern.

“Actually, I felt bad that I couldn’t properly escort you when we met at the chapel. The area around it didn’t seem safe at all. I think it’s good that you’ve moved.”

The day Liv ran into Camille at the chapel was the day she almost fell victim to a robbery. Though he didn’t know that, Liv turned her gaze away, feeling oddly guilty.

“…Nothing happened that day. Moving was already planned.”

She had considered moving, after all.

Liv tried to console herself and gave a vague explanation. Camille smiled at her words.

“I see. Then where should I send my letters now?”

Even though she had indirectly refused to share her new address, Camille pretended not to notice. The warmth that had returned to Liv’s face turned stiff again.

This was getting a bit much—wasn’t he being a bit too persistent? He didn’t seem like someone who couldn’t take a hint.

She had tried to let it slide politely, but maintaining her composure was becoming increasingly difficult. Liv looked at Camille with a displeased expression and spoke bluntly, “I don’t think there’s any need for us to exchange letters anymore.”

 It was a clearer rejection than before. At Liv’s words, Camille drooped his eyebrows and pretended to cry.

“Oh, Teacher Rodaise, I hope you don’t hate me.”

“As I’ve told you before, we haven’t known each other long enough for me to have such strong feelings.”

Liv’s clear boundary-setting finally stopped Camille from asking any more bold questions. He nodded with a subtle smile, lightly brushing his lips.

“I see.”

Even so, he couldn’t help but add, “Still, you’re the only acquaintance I’ve made since arriving in a foreign land, so it’s a bit disappointing. If we happen to meet like this sometimes, I’d be glad to share a chat. I know a lot of interesting stories about the social world, from trivial gossip to behind-the-scenes tales about notable figures like the Marquis.”

Camille ended on a somewhat mischievous note, scrunching his nose playfully. Liv hesitated momentarily, then finally spoke slowly, “Alright, then.”

The Marquis Camille referred to was likely Daaemon Dietrion. The stories Camille could tell were probably unreliable rumors at best, but… she couldn’t deny her curiosity. At the very least, he might provide more credible information than Million.

In some way or another, Liv wanted to know more about the Marquis.

 



 

A period of peaceful days followed.

Though Liv still couldn’t leave the house in the evenings, Corida’s medicine was well-stocked, and Million’s lessons ended before sunset, so it wasn’t a problem.

She felt some concern about the upcoming nude painting session or any extra work that would require her to return home at night, but she reassured herself that they would provide a carriage for such occasions.

It was an uncertain trust, but the Marquis had already dealt with a thug for her once. She felt confident that he wouldn’t stand by if she were in danger again.

So Liv waited patiently for the next session date.

…She didn’t expect to hear such news on the day itself.

“We can’t proceed with the session this week?”

In an hour, the carriage was supposed to arrive at the designated location to pick them up. That’s why Liv had come to meet Brad at the studio, but unlike usual, he wasn’t preparing for departure at all.

Instead, he simply said they wouldn’t be working today.

“Yes.”

“Did the Marquis allow this?”

Seeing Liv’s shocked face, Brad nodded awkwardly. “I sent a letter yesterday. I don’t know if it reached him, though.”

Liv narrowed her eyes. She had known Brad for a long time, long enough to tell when he was distracted by something else.

“…Brad, this isn’t an ordinary painting session. You’ve been so diligent lately; why the sudden change?”

Just last week, Brad had confidently claimed he would finish the painting soon.

Not only that, but he had often indulged in daydreams about himself with the Marquis as his official patron, ignoring whatever Liv said to him.

“Is something wrong?”

“I’m just feeling unwell today.”

That was a poor excuse. Brad was the kind of person who proudly boasted about not catching a cold even when he wore just a thin layer in the dead of winter.

“Don’t lie.”

Instead of responding, Brad pulled out a grimy handkerchief to wipe the sweat from his forehead. He then kept fiddling with it nervously, his eyes shifting restlessly.

The sight reminded Liv of a past incident—the day he broke their agreement and painted a nude portrait that included her profile.

“Brad.”

“…If the carriage arrives, could you tell them for me? Just say I’m too sick to work.”

“At least be honest with me.”

“Liv…”

Brad looked up at her with a pitiful expression, silently pleading her not to ask further. But Liv couldn’t let it go so easily.

This was a painting for Marquis Dietrion, not just any ordinary commission. They were creating a replacement for the painting he had purchased, and Brad was receiving all sorts of support to ensure the work went smoothly. It wouldn’t benefit anyone to act recklessly at this point.

Perhaps understanding Liv’s determination to get an answer, Brad sighed heavily and finally spoke, “To be honest, if I finish the painting quickly, it puts me in a bit of a bind.”

“A bind?”

“Yeah. I need to sign a patronage contract before completing the painting.”

“A patronage contract?”

Liv frowned. She had a vague feeling that Brad had gotten himself into trouble again.

“I hinted at it to that aide, but there’s been no response. If I finish the painting now, I’ll lose my connection to the Marquis.”

Brad licked his dry lips and began to ramble.

“As long as I’m working on the painting, I have a reason to meet the Marquis. If I can somehow get his attention during this time, maybe he’ll sign a patronage contract with me.”

In other words, Brad had expressed his desire to receive patronage from the Marquis but had been ignored. If he finished the painting now, he would lose his excuse to meet the Marquis, and that was problematic for him.

He was trying to secure the Marquis’s patronage before completing the painting.

Seeing Liv’s stunned expression, Brad hastily added more explanation, “Even if it’s not the Marquis himself, he might connect me to another good patron who recognizes my talent. That would be enough! I’m sure he could at least do that much!”

It seemed Brad wasn’t solely fixated on the Marquis’s patronage; he was more interested in securing a “patronage contract” itself.

“Why do you need a patronage contract?”

Brad, who had been babbling incoherently, clamped his mouth shut at Liv’s question. Beads of sweat formed again on his forehead. Observing his reaction, Liv narrowed her eyes.

“Is it gambling again?”

“No! Of course not!”

Brad’s denial came swiftly. The sincerity on his face, along with his vigorous head-shaking, made Liv believe it wasn’t about gambling this time.

“Then what is it?”

Though it wasn’t gambling, there was clearly another problem. When Liv pressed him further, Brad hesitated for a while before cautiously speaking up.

“Actually… I recently got to know a very famous businessman. He’s based in the capital. He said he could help sell my paintings or even arrange a solo exhibition in the capital if I wanted!”

Initially hesitant, Brad’s voice grew more animated toward the end. He watched Liv’s reaction, his eyes expectant, clearly hoping she would be impressed.

Unfortunately, Liv was far from impressed.

She was surprised, but not in the way Brad hoped. When she heard the word “businessman,” the first thing that came to her mind was “swindler.”

Surely not…

Liv couldn’t just accuse someone without knowing the full story, so she calmly asked, “How did you meet someone like that?”

“Well…”

Brad closed his mouth again, clearly reluctant to answer. Liv’s gaze turned sharper.

“You didn’t mention our work, did you…?”

“No way! I may be careless, but I know better than to break a promise!”

Surely, even Brad wouldn’t be foolish enough to mention the Marquis by name. If he had, the Marquis would have likely noticed and taken action already.

“I just mentioned in passing, after a few drinks, that I was about to receive support from a wealthy noble. That person happened to be looking for an artist to invest in and heard about me!”

Come to think of it, Camille had mentioned something similar. He said Brad had been boasting lately about meeting an incredible patron.

If even Camille, who wasn’t particularly close to Brad, knew about it, then it must have spread to some extent among those in the same circle.

It wasn’t hard to imagine how Brad must have been carrying himself.

Liv held her head, which was starting to throb, and sighed heavily. Seeing her blatant exasperation, Brad looked embarrassed and cleared his throat.

“But since I haven’t officially debuted yet, I need some kind of guarantee to prove my skills… like a certificate.”

“…He’s willing to sell your paintings, but he wants an artist with a patron? That doesn’t make any sense.”

Why would a patron even be necessary for an artist?

Despite Liv’s pointed question, Brad shook his head resolutely. It was a drastic shift in attitude from someone who had been so desperate to make the Marquis his patron just a short while ago.

“These days, relying entirely on a patron is risky. Depending on a patron like in the past could be disastrous! Besides, he said I could have a solo exhibition in the capital! I’ve already paid the venue fee…!”

“The venue fee? If he’s arranging the exhibition, why are you paying the venue fee? Wait, do you even have that kind of money?”

Liv’s tone was incredulous. How could someone who spent every penny he earned at gambling dens and taverns have that kind of money?

Brad’s face flushed bright red, and he raised his voice in protest.

“Liv!”

 “Brad, don’t you think this situation is strange?”

Liv suddenly remembered her first meeting with Brad, back when they met as victims of the same scam.

Brad, who had been taken in by all sorts of plausible words, seemed to finally feel a sense of unease. His confidence waned, and he spoke hesitantly.

“But… the businessman has already paid for it. He said everything would be free once I bring the sponsorship contract.”

“What on earth…”

Liv was at a loss for words. Brad seemed a little discouraged by Liv’s reaction, but he remained stubborn. It seemed the businessman had fed him convincing words.

The promise to sell his paintings or hold a solo exhibition in the capital must have especially shaken Brad. Such opportunities were usually reserved for debuting artists. Brad, who felt more dejected with each rejection at exhibitions, must have been swayed.

But, unfortunately, Liv didn’t believe the businessman truly recognized Brad’s talent. If Brad were so skilled that a prominent businessman would approach him, he would have already won awards at art shows.

Paid for it? Liv was worried that some rough thugs might show up one day demanding repayment.

“You said you sent a letter yesterday, so I’ll let them know you’re unwell today. But take care of this situation before the next session. A sponsorship contract? Do you honestly think the Marquis would write such a thing for you?”

“Why else would the Marquis ask me to keep painting for him? Obviously, he likes it! There’s always a reason for such generous support!” Brad retorted, annoyed by Liv’s serious expression. He truly believed that the Marquis liked his painting.

“How can you be so sure?”

“What? The Marquis asked for another painting as compensation for the wrongly sold one! That means he wants my work!”

Liv stopped herself from pointing out that the Marquis might not be interested in Brad’s painting, but in the model within it.

The reason the Marquis wanted Brad’s painting was because of her—Liv had subconsciously thought that. Ridiculous! Such an idea was just as absurd as Brad’s grand fantasies about receiving sponsorship.

Seeing Liv’s hesitation, Brad’s face grew more upset.

“Do you look down on me because I haven’t debuted yet?” Brad shouted, his raised voice showing how insecure he felt about his situation.

Liv bit her lower lip and tried to comfort him. “You know it’s not like that. I’m just…”

She knew nothing she said would get through to him at the moment, yet Liv couldn’t bring herself to give up easily.

They had known each other for a long time, and she didn’t want to see him lose a large amount of money by getting caught up in something suspicious.

“Anyway, fine. Just end things with that businessman immediately. He sounds like a scam artist.”

“You just don’t understand because you haven’t met him!”

“Wasn’t he the companion you brought to the coffee house where we met?”

Brad froze at Liv’s question, evidently not expecting her to guess the person’s identity so quickly.

Seeing Brad’s reaction, Liv realized her guess had been correct and held her forehead.

Indeed, she had felt something was off when she first saw them together. They didn’t seem to be an appropriate match, and now it made sense—Brad had fallen for a scam artist.

“Brad, I’m saying this purely out of concern. Even if the Marquis writes a sponsorship contract, using it as a transaction document is too risky. Borrowing money against it? It’s wiser to sort this out before it’s too late.”

Whether it was even possible to resolve it was uncertain, but it was worth trying.

Brad waved his hand dismissively in response to Liv’s plea. He forced a smile as he patted Liv’s shoulder.

“Don’t worry. I’m not going to drag this out too long. I’m just buying time to figure out how to persuade the Marquis. I’ll come up with an innovative painting technique to capture his attention before the next session.”

Liv started to say more but ended up sighing and shaking her head.

There wasn’t much more she could do. She had said all she could, and now she could only hope that Brad would come to his senses on his own.

 



 

Was it because she had come to the mansion without Brad this time?

The mansion seemed larger than usual, and Liv moved quietly, taking in its size. Normally, she would head straight to the studio upon arriving, but since Brad wasn’t here today, there was no need to go there.

Instead, Liv was led to another room—the drawing room where she had previously discussed the extra work with the Marquis.

This was her first time encountering the Marquis in this mansion since he decided not to observe their work sessions. The servant who guided her soon withdrew, leaving Liv alone with the Marquis, who glanced up at her with a calm gaze.

The Marquis, who was casually flipping through several letters, spoke first without lifting his eyes, “The session is canceled today?”

“Yes, Brad isn’t feeling well…”

As Liv’s composed voice filled the room, the rustling of paper echoed loudly. The Marquis frowned as he looked over the contents of a letter, clicking his tongue in displeasure. He brought the edge of the letter to the nearby candle, and flames quickly consumed it as the paper curled up in black.

Ash fell onto the table.

“So you’ve come to deliver his message?”

The Marquis brushed off the ash irritably and looked at Liv with indifferent eyes. Liv opened her mouth to reply, but before she could, the Marquis spoke again.

“With the artist absent, there was no need for the model to come either.”

The Marquis’s eyes, staring straight at her, made Liv flinch. His gaze seemed to pierce through her thoughts entirely.

As if he knew exactly what she was thinking and why she had come to this distant mansion to face him.

“I came… not only to explain Brad’s situation but also to express my gratitude for your assistance.”

“If it’s thanks, I recall receiving it that day.”

A subtle boredom flickered in the Marquis’s eyes. Liv swallowed nervously, looking at him and then lowering her gaze.

She took a deep breath, her lips slightly parted, and forced herself to sound as composed as possible.

“…My additional duties are separate from the painting sessions. I haven’t been informed if they’ll also be paused, so I came for that as well.”

As Liv’s straightforward answer ended, silence enveloped the drawing room.

Liv, who was staring at the floor and waiting for the Marquis’s response, raised her eyes in curiosity at the prolonged silence.

She had expected to see him burning more letters, but instead, the Marquis was staring straight at her. Liv’s eyes widened as their gazes met.

Seeing her bewildered look, the Marquis’s lips curled up slightly—a very faint smile.

“Diligent.”

His tone sounded as if he were praising a student for not skipping class. His demeanor, as if he was genuinely complimenting her, made Liv’s cheeks flush.

She would have found it easier to respond if he had mocked her for being greedy and wanting more work for the extra money.

She didn’t know how to handle being treated like a child.

Before Liv’s embarrassment could fade, the Marquis spoke again.

“The injury?”

“It’s healing… oh.”

Liv’s attempt to respond without showing embarrassment faltered. Only then did she remember the bruises still on her legs.

The Marquis wanted her to sit unclothed because he wanted to see her pristine form. Naturally, he wouldn’t want to see a body marked with bruises and scabs.

It was foolish of her to come here today.

Liv bit her lip, lamenting her own poor decision, and waited for the Marquis to dismiss her.

But instead, an unexpected question came.

“The ankle?”

The Marquis’s gaze shifted to her skirt hem. Without thinking, Liv took a step back, avoiding his gaze, but she soon realized her reaction and quickly froze.

“It-it’s fine.”

Other than Million’s lessons, Liv hadn’t gone out much. As long as she wasn’t running, she barely noticed her injury anymore.

Hearing her response, the Marquis nodded and stood. He tossed the remaining letters into the fire, brushing the soot from his gloves as he walked past Liv.

“We’ll begin the extra work early today.”

 The room had changed.

Liv had expected to be taken to the top floor as usual, but instead, the Marquis led her to a lounge on the same floor as the drawing room. It wasn’t a bedroom; instead, it had a large sofa big enough for two adults to comfortably lie down on.

It seemed like it wasn’t originally prepared for this purpose. The servant who had followed them belatedly hurried to close the curtains and tidy up the table and sofa. Even the usual pre-set wine was nowhere to be seen.

Liv turned her gaze away, watching the servant repeatedly polish an already spotless table until it shone.

Unlike the usual white-walled room where she would undress, this space was colorfully and luxuriously decorated, much like any other lounge in a grand estate. Amidst the lavish decor, a large piano in the corner caught Liv’s attention. It wasn’t just any piano; its size and appearance made it clear it was a top-quality instrument.

The Marquis, noticing Liv’s gaze fixed on the piano, asked in an indifferent tone, “Can you play?”

“A little,” Liv answered, though she couldn’t help feeling slightly dejected.

When she graduated, she had been confident she could play well enough not to embarrass herself, but she hadn’t touched a piano in so long that she wasn’t sure if her skills were still intact.

Seeing her unsure expression, the Marquis gestured towards the piano, as if telling her to play. The servant, who had been bustling around to tidy the room, was already gone.

Reluctantly, Liv sat down and placed her fingertips on the white keys. She rubbed the smooth surface, searching her memory, then relaxed her shoulders and lifted both hands.

Without sheet music, she had to rely on the few pieces she remembered.

Luckily, there was a piece that most well-educated ladies learned as part of their cultural upbringing. The composer had written it as a lullaby for his daughter, but the composition was so polished that it was often performed at concerts rather than just for putting a child to sleep.

Ding, ding.

The piano was perfectly tuned, producing a clear sound with each press of the keys. Liv had expected as much, but she was still surprised by the instrument’s excellent condition, causing her fingers to momentarily relax.

The melody that began to fill the lounge was delicate and shy, following the light taps of her fingers like raindrops.

Relying on her memory from years ago, her performance was devoid of any real confidence.

Surely the Marquis wasn’t expecting her to play at a professional level. All she needed to do was play well enough to be recognizable.

It was at that moment, as Liv was continuing to play, that she felt it.

Rustle.

A fingertip brushed horizontally across the back of Liv’s neck from behind. The soft fabric’s touch indicated it was certainly the Marquis’s hand.

Following that touch, the hair draped over the back of her neck was gathered and placed over one shoulder. A bunch of long auburn hair fell in front of Liv, crossing over her shoulder.

“What…”

Her fingers, which had been playing according to her recollection, began to slow. But the presence behind her did not disappear.

Thud.

A small sound, and the pressure around her neck eased. The sound repeated, thud, thud, as her dress loosened. Through the parted fabric, her wrinkled undergarments and bare skin were exposed without protection.

The slow melody came to an abrupt halt.

The hand that had been steadily unbuttoning her dress along her spine paused. For some reason, Liv couldn’t turn around, and her tense nerves were all focused on the presence behind her.

“Must I continue undressing you?”

It was the Marquis who broke the tense silence. Upon hearing his words, Liv flinched as if burned, quickly standing up. The half-undone bodice of her dress slipped slightly from the movement.

Clutching the fabric near her chest, Liv glanced back. The Marquis, who must have been standing close by, had already turned away, putting distance between them.

Until now, the Marquis had never once touched her body. Not during the many additional sessions she had worked.

Was he in such a hurry today that he felt compelled to touch her directly? Or was something wrong?

Did he expect her to play the piano completely undressed? What kind of taste was that…?

A whirlwind of thoughts spun through her head, but they were all meaningless questions.

The Marquis was known for making demands that were difficult to understand, and Liv had long given up on finding any deep meaning in his actions. Instead, she hastily removed the rest of her clothes.

It didn’t take long for the few remaining garments to vanish, and she stood before the Marquis, completely bare.

Was it because the room was different? Liv felt a renewed sense of embarrassment at her nudity. Perhaps sitting at the piano under the pretense of playing would feel less awkward than just standing idly.

Liv stole a glance at the Marquis. Seated on the sofa, he was looking down at his gloves, which were smudged with black ash, seemingly lost in thought.

“Shall I… continue playing?”

The Marquis, who seemed to be pondering something as he rubbed his thumb and forefinger together, looked up at her question. Instead of answering, his gaze shifted to Liv’s exposed leg.

It was the area that had been injured the worst when she fell, now marred with bruises and scabs.

As his eyes lingered, the injured spot began to itch, and Liv cleared her throat awkwardly.

Tilting his head slightly, the Marquis raised his hand.

“You see, Teacher,” he began slowly, grasping the end of his glove and pulling it off gently, “I prefer a clean body.”

The glove slid off smoothly, revealing his long fingers. Judging by the gloved hand, she had imagined his hands to be smooth, elegant, and pale, but instead, they were surprisingly large and sturdy, befitting a man.

If he held a gun, it would surely… suit him well.

“Yet oddly enough,” he continued, “your body, even if it’s a bit dirtied, seems acceptable.”

Liv, staring blankly at the Marquis’s bare hand, suddenly realized that this was the first time she had seen his exposed skin. The Marquis, who usually covered himself meticulously, had removed his glove in front of her for the first time.

Realizing this, her heart pounded loudly. Her blood circulated faster, and the back of her neck, which had felt his touch, tingled.

Not wanting to reveal her reaction, Liv forced a tight smile.

“I don’t quite understand what you mean by ‘even if it’s dirtied’…”

“By anything.”

The Marquis tossed the glove carelessly under the sofa. He seemed to have no intention of using it again.

“Preferably by something I desire.”

Heat flushed across Liv’s face.

Liv recalled Adolf’s reaction when drafting the contract for these additional sessions. He had laughed openly when she asked what she should do if the Marquis made immoral or lewd demands that weren’t written in the contract.

Adolf had acted as if it would be more surprising if nothing happened between her and the Marquis. But this situation…

Liv was no child, nor was she naive enough not to recognize the tension between herself and the Marquis. However, she wasn’t foolish enough to speak of it aloud.

It was better to feign ignorance, at least until he made his intentions explicit. She didn’t want to be treated as a woman desperately throwing herself at him. She couldn’t understand what had provoked such a reaction from him now.

Liv parted her lips, intending to ask once more about playing the piano.

But instead, the words that slipped out were entirely different.

“You attended Baron Pendence’s daughter’s birthday party, didn’t you?”

At the sudden change in topic, the Marquis raised an eyebrow.

“And?”

“…Many people speculated based on just your brief greeting. As you must know.”

The Marquis rested his chin on his hand, leaning back. He responded to Liv’s comment with a voice tinged with amusement.

“So?”

“I don’t know you well, but I’ve heard you usually don’t mingle closely with other nobles. So why visit the Pendence estate…”

Since the birthday party, the Marquis had not returned to the Pendence estate. However, the Baron and Baroness continued to purchase paintings and decorated their mansion meticulously, anticipating his return.

Liv, who saw this whenever she went for lessons, found it strange. Was the Marquis really intent on maintaining relations with the Pendence family? While his initial visit could be explained by the art transaction, was his attendance at the birthday party truly an act of friendship?

The more she met and interacted with the Marquis, the more the events at the Pendence estate puzzled her.

At least during the birthday party, it seemed… he might have had another purpose.

“Why are you curious?”

The Marquis’s blunt question almost seemed to peer into Liv’s thoughts. She set aside her speculations and answered politely, “Because I’m Baron Pendence’s daughter’s tutor. Ever since your attendance at her birthday party, there’s been quite a stir in her life.”

“Ah, so it’s the concern of a teacher for her student.”

For some reason, the Marquis found this amusing, and his voice carried a hint of mockery.

Liv, feeling awkward, tried to think of a more justifiable reason for her curiosity. But before she could say anything more, the Marquis replied briefly.

“To see you.”

Liv’s gaze, which had been resting on the floor, shot up. Her wide eyes took in the Marquis, who nonchalantly crossed his legs.

“Because in that setting, you’d be different from how I usually know you. So I went to see for myself.”

 The Marquis’s face was filled with boredom, as if he didn’t understand why he needed to explain something so obvious.

Liv was at a loss for words, staring blankly at the Marquis. No matter how much she mulled it over, she couldn’t feel any reality in what she’d just heard.

So, he really came to Million’s birthday party to see me?

“That can’t be…”

“Can’t be?”

The Marquis repeated Liv’s words.

“Your reaction is rather underwhelming. Isn’t this what you wanted to confirm?”

Seeing Liv’s bewildered reaction, the Marquis let out a small laugh.

“My interest in you, Teacher.”

It was a direct hit.

Liv’s lips parted, but no words came out. She licked her lips nervously, her mouth feeling dry. She desperately wished for a drink—anything, even wine—but unfortunately, there was nothing to drink. If there had been wine, she would have asked for a glass immediately.

All she could do was swallow her dry spit, struggling to find the right words. Finally, Liv managed to speak.

“How should I take that interest of yours, Marquis?”

“I haven’t really thought about it.”

The Marquis took his eyes off Liv, his expression indifferent. He pulled a cigar case from his coat.

“Consider it yourself.”

With the same cold demeanor as always, the Marquis didn’t even look at Liv as he spoke, “Play.”

Liv turned stiffly, facing the piano once more. However, her mind was so jumbled that she barely knew what she was playing, her performance utterly terrible.

Yet the Marquis didn’t stop her.

 



 

Does he like me?

In the past, Liv would have laughed it off as a delusion. But now, she couldn’t. Sure, it wasn’t pure affection between a man and a woman that could describe what existed between the Marquis and her… but still.

He called it “interest,” but would someone usually act this way toward a person of interest?

No matter how she thought about it, the Marquis’s actions were excessive and unusual. Liv had even begun to convince herself that his appearance at the chapel had also been for her. Why else would he show up in that small, shabby chapel?

Of course, the reason he kept taking Brad’s paintings was because she was the model. The sponsorship Brad believed in so firmly would probably never happen.

The Marquis had saved her life from a thug, allowed her to rent a house at a very low rate, and even offered her extra work when she needed money.

He had even told her to pray to him from now on.

“But why…”

Liv rubbed her face with a confused expression as she thought about everything the Marquis had done for her.

It was clear that his behavior towards her was special, but she couldn’t understand why he had such interest in her.

Was it just because he liked her body? Would he really go to such lengths just because of that?

For all she knew, there were probably countless women around the Marquis with bodies far more beautiful than hers. Women who would undress at a mere gesture from him.

Was her body better than those renowned beauties? Could that possibly be true? Did she have some extraordinary charm she was unaware of?

“Sister, sister.”

“Oh, yes.”

Liv, lost in thought while sitting at the dining table, hastily composed herself.

“Look at this, sister!”

Corida’s eyes sparkled as she held out her hands. In her hands was a wooden music box.

After scolding Corida harshly for secretly taking on needlework to help with their financial situation, Liv had bought her a few interesting things to distract her. The wooden music box was one of those items.

“Did you finish it?”

“Yes!”

It was a kit that included all the parts and simply needed to be assembled according to the instructions. It had recently become popular, so Liv bought one, and it seemed to suit Corida’s taste very well.

Liv pushed thoughts of the Marquis to the back of her mind and focused on Corida.

“It wasn’t as hard as I thought it would be. I finished it quickly.” Corida tilted her chin up proudly.

“That’s impressive.”

Liv smiled as she took the wooden music box. It looked exactly like the completed version pictured on the packaging.

Even with the instructions, producing such a fine finished product was impressive. Liv genuinely admired Corida’s handiwork.

“You have a real talent for craftsmanship!”

“I just put the pieces in the right places.” Corida gave a bashful smile and continued, “I think I’m good at making things.”

“Feeling confident just because you completed a music box?”

“No! It’s not just the music box—the fence…!”

Corida, who had been about to argue indignantly, suddenly stopped. But by then, the smile on Liv’s face had already disappeared.

Placing the wooden music box on the edge of the table, Liv folded her arms and looked at Corida.

“The fence?”

“Well, um…”

“What did you do while I was out, Corida?”

Corida, who had been rolling her eyes with a distressed expression, finally met Liv’s gaze and spoke, “Well… actually, the real estate agent, Mr. Adolf, came by a few days ago to do some repairs on the fence. He said he was working alone.”

According to Corida, shortly after Liv left for work, Adolf had shown up and asked if it was okay to do some minor repairs on the fence. He said there were some issues that hadn’t been noticed because the move had happened rather quickly.

Corida, who was already familiar with Adolf, agreed, but later noticed that Adolf was working alone, so she helped him out a bit.

“Corida!”

“I didn’t really do anything! I just handed him a few things he needed!”

“Why get involved when he’s handling it? What if you got hurt?”

To Liv, everything outside their home seemed filled with danger.

Adolf probably didn’t think much of accepting Corida’s help since he didn’t know better, but repairing a fence could involve dangerous tools. What if some debris flew and hurt her?

Seeing Liv’s hardened expression, Corida spoke with an aggrieved look, “He said if I stayed inside all the time, I’d only get weaker. He said since the fence is strong now, I should at least come out to the yard!”

“He’s not a doctor. He doesn’t know your condition.”

“He was way more trustworthy than the doctor who examined me back then!”

With Corida’s outburst, an awkward silence fell between them. Corida looked regretful as Liv’s face turned pale.

“Sister, I mean… I was just trying to say I’m healthier now. I didn’t mean to bring up that doctor. And it wasn’t your fault, it was that old man’s fault!”

Corida clasped her hands together anxiously, her gaze dropping to the floor.

“I know I must look the same to you as I did back then… but it’s been years. Things like that won’t happen again. As long as I take my medicine, I’m not going to suddenly collapse. Thanks to all the money you make, I get to eat well too, right?”

Corida cautiously asked, glancing at Liv, who was sitting quietly, “You’re not mad, are you, sister?”

Liv swallowed the bitterness rising in her throat and smiled softly. “Why would I be mad? I’m just worried about you.”

Fortunately, Liv’s smile must have seemed genuine enough because Corida nodded, looking somewhat relieved. She then deliberately changed the subject, and Liv went along with it.

However, in a corner of her mind, it felt as if a heavy weight had settled.

 



 

Liv was eighteen when her parents died, during a cold winter.

Their carriage had slipped on an icy road, falling over and crushing them. Her parents died instantly, leaving Liv alone with her eight-year-old sister.

It hadn’t even been a year since Liv had returned home after graduating. She hadn’t yet figured out what she wanted to do. She still had a young girl’s dreams.

Back then, Liv had been preoccupied with contemplating her future. Of course, her ailing sister had been cared for by their parents. Liv had known of Corida’s condition through word of mouth, but her parents, who had always looked after Corida, knew her condition much better.

When her parents suddenly passed away, Liv realized she needed to understand Corida’s condition precisely. So, she paid a large sum to bring in a doctor. He was an elderly doctor with a long career, and Liv, who had no real experience in the adult world, had trusted his self-assured demeanor.

That quack.

That man had drawn Corida’s blood, causing her to nearly die from excessive bleeding. Moreover, he had suggested opening her skull to examine her brain, claiming that modern diagnostic methods now involved invasive procedures.

At least, thanks to that fraud, they had learned that Corida had a serious bleeding issue. If nothing else, that was useful.

Since being burned by that quack, Liv no longer trusted doctors. Of course, there were skilled doctors somewhere, but they were all employed by noble families. The doctors wandering around on the streets seemed completely untrustworthy.

Instead, Liv put her trust in medicine. It was the only thing that had shown practical results.

All she needed to do was buy the same medicine her parents had always purchased for Corida. It was far safer than subjecting Corida to experiments based on uncertain diagnoses.

Recalling the past she’d tried to forget, Liv sighed deeply.

“He’s ready to see you.”

Liv looked up sharply at the attendant’s call.

 This was an unassuming office on the outskirts of Buerno. It lacked even a sign, and at first glance, appeared far from impressive. It was hard to guess what kind of business was conducted here.

Liv wouldn’t have known this place existed if not for the current circumstances.

When she followed her guide inside, a familiar face greeted her with a friendly smile. Liv gave him a polite nod.

“Hello, Mr. Adolf.”

“I didn’t expect you’d want to meet me, Miss Rodaise.”

Liv had gone looking for Brad to get Adolf’s contact information. She remembered Brad saying that he had sent a letter saying he couldn’t work on the painting. It was through Brad that she got this office’s address, and Adolf had promptly sent a reply via a messenger.

And thus, she had come to this office today.

“Thank you for taking the time, despite how busy you must be.”

“Not at all. Miss Rodaise is an important contractor, after all.”

With an easy smile, Adolf gestured for her to take a seat, then sat across from her.

“So, what brings you here?”

Liv, who had been watching Adolf skillfully prepare the tea, began speaking calmly, having gone over her thoughts all the way here.

“I heard you came by to repair the fence around the house.”

“Ah, yes, I did.”

Adolf nodded awkwardly.

“Normally, I would’ve hired laborers for such a job, but Miss Rodaise’s residence requires a bit more care. We’re trying to keep it as hidden as possible from outsiders.”

“Thank you for taking care of it personally.”

Liv offered a faint smile. Adolf glanced at her briefly, then poured the tea.

“It doesn’t seem like that’s all you wish to say, though.”

With a smile, he offered her the tea as he spoke without pretense. Liv flinched at his words and lowered her gaze.

Her reflection rippled in the tea as she looked down at the cup.

“I also heard that my younger sister encountered you during the fence repair.”

“Yes, I did. She struck me as a very kind girl, just as she did when we first met.”

“The truth is, she’s very ill. So… if you meet her again in the future, I’d appreciate it if you could be mindful of her condition. That’s why I came to ask this favor.”

Adolf gave her a puzzled look.

“In what specific way?”

Liv, holding the cup in both hands, cautiously began.

“I don’t want my sister exposed to anything dangerous. For instance, I heard she helped with the fence repair… If she gets hurt, she doesn’t heal well, so we have to be extra careful. It would be best if you could send her back inside instead of involving her in such activities.”

“Ah…”

Adolf let out a low hum and seemed to ponder her words. He rubbed his chin thoughtfully for a moment before speaking in a soft voice.

“First of all, I must apologize if I seem to be overstepping.”

With a kind smile, Adolf continued, “I don’t know the exact details of your sister’s condition, but she seemed capable of light activities.”

“That’s because she’s taking her medicine regularly now. But…!”

“I have a daughter around your sister’s age who is also ill, so I understand a little about caring for a sick family member.”

Liv paused at Adolf’s words. Not missing the moment, Adolf continued, “Since we can’t take the pain away for them, we tend to be extra protective. I understand completely.”

Though Adolf appeared somewhat older, he didn’t seem to have a daughter as grown as Corida. Liv unconsciously pressed her lips together. If he really did have an ailing daughter, it made sense why he was so kind to Corida. He might have treated her similarly, thinking of his own daughter.

Seeing Liv’s slightly softened expression, Adolf gently asked, “Has your sister received a proper medical diagnosis?”

“…A long time ago.”

Adolf seemed to grasp that Liv’s “a long time ago” meant it had been many years.

“Medicine advances every year. As you know, various research efforts have greatly improved our understanding. I’ve come to understand certain things through my own experiences. That some illnesses can be treated now.”

Liv’s eyelids trembled slightly. She swallowed hard and glanced at Adolf.

“What are you trying to say?”

“I understand how much you care for your sister, enough to come here like this. But surely you realize that simply sheltering her isn’t the solution.”

Liv’s expression hardened.

“As you said, you’re overstepping.”

“I’m merely offering advice as someone in a similar situation. If it’s been a long time since her last check-up, this might be an opportunity to reassess her health. I did the same.”

When he mentioned his sick daughter again, Liv fell silent, biting her lip.

Adolf, watching her cautiously, spoke in a calm tone, “I’ve never heard of a skilled doctor here in Buerno… but I’m certain the Marquis could find a suitable one.”

“The Marquis?”

Liv couldn’t hide her genuine shock at Adolf mentioning the Marquis. Seeing her wide-eyed disbelief, Adolf gave a slight smile.

“He’s already provided you with a residence, hasn’t he? I think it’s likely he would extend other favors as well.”

Liv opened her mouth as if to protest, but found no words, and instead looked away.

If Adolf, who was also the Marquis’s aide, said the Marquis had that much affection for her…

Then perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to ask for a bit more help. After all, such a request would mean nothing to the Marquis.

Introducing her to a good doctor—surely that was something the Marquis could do easily.

Liv felt her heart wavering uncontrollably. If she kept going like this, she might even ask Adolf to arrange a meeting with the Marquis right now.

Along with the sudden hope spreading like wildfire, an old fear began to resurface.

But what if she encountered another strange doctor like before? What if Corida ended up in danger again due to a moment’s mistake?

“Thank you for your advice.”

This wasn’t a decision to be made impulsively. Liv barely managed to steady herself, changing the subject.

“By the way, I didn’t expect your office to be in a place like this, Mr. Adolf. Given that you’re the Marquis’s aide, I thought you’d work closer to him.”

“Ah, yes, the office is a bit shabby.”

Adolf chuckled, glancing around his office.

“The Marquis keeps several aides. To be precise, I handle various legal matters for him. Since my work involves a wide range of activities, I set up this separate law office.”

Only then did Liv understand why Adolf had handled the extra work contracts. Come to think of it, he had also delivered the house lease agreement later on.

“You’re quite impressive.”

“No, it’s the Marquis who’s impressive. He sent a talent like me to this dusty office, after all.”

Adolf’s joke, delivered with a hearty laugh, lightened the previously tense atmosphere. Liv took a sip of her tea, her expression more relaxed.

“By the way, you care a great deal for your sister, Miss Rodaise. It’s admirable.”

“She’s my only family.”

The death of her parents wasn’t something Liv needed to hide. She sighed softly as she answered Adolf’s comment.

“If it weren’t for her, I wouldn’t be working so hard.”

Adolf nodded in understanding. “So she gives meaning to your life. I understand why you protect her so dearly.”

“You said you have a sick daughter, so you must understand. If my sister could be healthy, I’d give her my heart if I could.”

“Of course. That’s how family is.”

Honestly, caring for Corida was exhausting, but without her, Liv wouldn’t have fought so fiercely to survive. Corida was both a shackle and Liv’s sole purpose in life. Without her, what other meaning would Liv’s life have?

Now, it was impossible—and unwelcome—to even imagine.

Watching Liv smile gently, Adolf suddenly sighed softly.

“Still, it’s a bit unfortunate. I’m sure there are many things you’d like to do, Miss Rodaise.”

Things she’d like to do… Liv couldn’t remember the last time she’d heard such a romantic notion. It felt both refreshing and bittersweet to hear such an unfamiliar question after so long.

Liv gave a bitter smile and shook her head. “As long as Corida stays by my side like now, I’m content.”

As long as she didn’t cough up blood, as long as she didn’t collapse—just seeing Corida smiling happily was enough for Liv.

Hearing Liv’s answer, Adolf tilted his head slightly. He spoke in his characteristic kind, genuine voice, “What if your sister recovers?”

“Pardon?”

Liv looked up, puzzled. Adolf, watching her intently, smiled warmly.

“If your sister becomes healthy enough to leave your side, I mean.”

“She needs me to take care of her.”

“But she won’t remain a child forever. If she becomes healthy, she won’t need your care anymore. Since you want her to be healthy, you must also consider this possibility.”

Corida, healthy and leaving her?

It was an idea Liv had never even imagined. Her heart sank as if struck.

However, the shock was only fleeting. Liv quickly regained her composure and replied calmly, “Even if Corida becomes healthy, she won’t leave me.”

 Adolf raised an eyebrow at Liv’s rather resolute response. Pressing his lips together into a straight line, Adolf pondered for a moment before nodding readily and replying, “Oh, I see. Such sibling affection is admirable. Your sister is fortunate to have such a good older sister.”

Adolf didn’t press further.

The conversation with Adolf left a thorn lodged in Liv’s heart, its presence surfacing intermittently. It wasn’t just the advice about asking the Marquis for help regarding Corida’s illness—it was everything else they had discussed as well.

‘Corida’s independence…’

Liv had taken care of Corida since she was eight years old. She couldn’t imagine Corida as an independent adult. Well, she could picture an adult Corida, but envisioning her living alone, separate from Liv, was impossible.

Or perhaps it wasn’t that she couldn’t imagine it, but rather that she didn’t want to.

Liv brushed her fingers through her throbbing head. If Corida recovered, her personality would undoubtedly drive her to live independently.

Corida had already shown her proactive side by taking on needlework from Rita and helping Adolf repair the fence. Liv could currently restrict Corida’s actions because of her illness, but if she regained her health…

Of course, Liv wanted Corida to recover. How could she not? Yet, the idea of being left alone if Corida moved out made Liv uneasy. This fear, it seemed, was hers alone.

Liv depended on Corida just as much as Corida relied on her.

“Is anyone there?”

Liv snapped out of her daze when she heard someone calling her from outside.

There wasn’t really anyone who would come to visit.

Liv stood up with a puzzled expression. She thought of Camille and her face hardened. He was the man who recently wanted to know her address. Could he have somehow tracked her down? His obsessive questions about her movements had made her suspicious.

Liv cautiously approached the front door, gripping the doorknob tightly as she answered, “Who is it?”

“The coachman. I’ve come to fetch you.”

The coachman?

Liv blinked and cautiously opened the door. Standing neatly in front of her was the coachman who always drove the carriage whenever she visited the Marquis’s studio.

…But she had already been to the studio today.

“I wasn’t informed of any work today.”

“The master ordered me to bring you. Are you busy?”

Liv’s expression turned perplexed. Behind the coachman was the black carriage she always rode in. It seemed true that the Marquis had summoned her.

But it had only been a few days since she last saw him. She had no idea what this sudden meeting could be about.

“The master also said not to bring you forcibly if you were busy.”

The coachman seemed ready to turn away without hesitation if Liv refused. Liv swallowed nervously, contemplating her options before glancing behind her. Corida was napping in her room. Whatever this was, surely it would be fine to leave a note and step out for a while. It was the Marquis, after all—turning down his summons wasn’t something she could easily consider.

“I’ll be out shortly. Please wait a moment.”

Upon arriving, Liv, who had alighted from the carriage as usual, realized this was an unfamiliar location.

This wasn’t the secluded mansion she always visited for her nude painting sessions. The mansion before her certainly seemed remote, but there was something distinctly different about it—both in its appearance and the surrounding scenery.

Could it be that it wasn’t actually the Marquis who had summoned her?

A belated worry surfaced, and Liv glanced back at the coachman with apprehension. He was calmly tending to the horse without showing any sign of concern.

Was she really supposed to enter that mansion ahead? But how could she possibly know who or what awaited inside? Just as her anxiety threatened to surge uncontrollably, someone approached her from the entrance of the mansion.

“Are you Miss Rodaise?”

The approaching figure was an elderly man with a benevolent expression and a full head of white hair. He bowed politely to Liv, his refined attire matching his genteel demeanor.

“Welcome to Berryworth Mansion. I am Philip Philemond, the butler. Please, just call me Philip.”

Philip’s gentle voice and flawless mannerisms instantly inspired a sense of trust. However, Liv, her wariness still intact, cautiously accepted his greeting.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Philemond.”

Philip wasn’t surprised by Liv’s distant tone. Instead, he kept his warm expression as he graciously offered to guide her.

“This way, please. Was your journey comfortable?”

“Before that, Mr. Philemond, I have a question.”

“Please, ask freely.”

Liv hesitated briefly, looking back and forth between the carriage and the mansion before posing her question.

“Who exactly requested to meet me…”

“It is Marquis Dietrion.”

Philip answered clearly. As soon as Liv heard his response, all her worries seemed to wash away like dirt in water.

Liv unconsciously let out a sigh of relief and then offered an embarrassed smile.

“Oh, it’s just that this is my first time meeting the Marquis here…”

“That’s quite all right. Shall we proceed inside now?”

“Yes.”

Philip led the way toward the mansion while casually engaging Liv in conversation.

“If there are any food ingredients you avoid, please let us know.”

“None, really.”

“I see. Are there any particular ingredients you prefer?”

“Ah… I’m not very particular about food.”

More accurately, she had never had the luxury to be picky. Given her past circumstances, there was no room for such preferences. Liv cleared her throat awkwardly and glanced at Philip, who was walking ahead.

“You’re very kind.”

“It’s been quite a while since Berryworth Mansion welcomed a guest, so I suppose I’m a bit excited,” Philip spoke with an upbeat tone, as if to prove he was genuinely telling the truth.

With his consistently gentle smile and gentlemanly demeanor, Liv felt her tension slowly dissipate. It was impressive how, with just a few words, he managed to ease her anxiety—a stark contrast to the Marquis, whose mere gaze could provoke intense unease.

They soon entered the mansion, and as they stepped inside, Liv couldn’t help but let out an involuntary gasp.

The interior of the mansion was decorated in a vintage style, evoking immediate admiration.

Even the lobby alone featured an expansive space, adorned with a thick, ornate carpet, and a large chandelier hanging from the high ceiling, casting a bright light.

A wooden staircase was positioned at the center of the lobby, spiraling in two directions, with a handrail so well-maintained it gleamed even from afar.

“Where is the master?”

“He’s in the study.”

A servant waiting near the entrance answered politely. He appeared ready to take Liv’s hat or coat, but she showed no inclination to hand anything over, so he respectfully stepped back.

A thought crossed Liv’s mind that perhaps she should have given him her hat at least, but she dismissed the idea and followed Philip.

Upon climbing the impressive staircase, they reached a hallway lined with large, clean windows, each letting in ample sunlight thanks to the drawn-back curtains.

The sunlight not only illuminated the corridor but also created a gentle warmth. This made Liv feel even more positively about the grand and elegantly old-fashioned mansion. Unlike the mansion she had visited for her painting sessions, this one had the distinct atmosphere of a lived-in home.

“There is a very large arboretum behind the mansion—it’s a wonderful place for a stroll.”

Philip said softly, as if sensing Liv’s appreciation. She had been so absorbed in admiring the mansion’s interior that his comment startled her, causing her to quickly lower her gaze.

“I see.”

“There’s also a glass greenhouse inside the arboretum.”

“That sounds lovely.”

“It’s one of my few prides.”

Liv responded with a smile instead of words. After all, no matter how beautiful the glass greenhouse might be, she doubted she’d have any occasion to see it, but she couldn’t deny that Philip’s attitude was genuinely pleasant.

“The study is here.”

Philip stopped in front of a large, ornately carved door. He knocked lightly and called inside.

“Master, Miss Rodaise is here.”

After a brief moment, permission to enter was granted from within. Before Liv had any time to prepare herself, the heavy door slowly opened. Philip stepped aside, gesturing for Liv to proceed.

The first thing she noticed was the strong scent of paper, like a wave hitting her senses. Bookshelves filled the walls of the room, towering up to the ceiling, giving the space an overwhelming sense of grandeur.

It wasn’t just bookshelves; large windows at the upper level allowed plenty of light to stream in, complemented by neatly hung thick, red velvet curtains. A sturdy-looking redwood bookshelf matched well with a white fireplace.

The grand space reminded Liv of Clemence Boarding School’s library, which she had frequently visited during her school days. Though it had been large, it lacked the openness of this room.

Liv suspected there might be even more space beyond what she could immediately see. Although she wanted to explore every corner, she stifled her curiosity and turned her head to look for the person who had summoned her.

 The Marquis was seated in a chair near the fireplace.

He sat comfortably, with his body stretched out, holding a book in one hand and resting his chin on the other. A pair of transparent glasses perched loosely on his high, sharp nose.

What surprised Liv the most was his attire. The Marquis, who usually dressed in formal outdoor clothing, was now in casual loungewear. He hadn’t buttoned up his collar fully, nor was he wearing gloves.

“Do you like books?”

Without lifting his eyes from the book, the Marquis asked indifferently.

Liv cautiously approached him and answered, “I like them well enough.”

To be honest, she really loved them. She enjoyed learning things she didn’t know, and books were the easiest way to acquire such knowledge.

At Liv’s answer, the Marquis finally looked up. He closed the book he had been reading and placed it casually on the nearby table. Then he removed his glasses, tossing them carelessly on top of the book. It was such an ordinary, small gesture, yet it captivated her attention.

“You look bewildered.”

“I thought you’d call me to the mansion I usually visit.”

“Today’s not a workday. That mansion is only open on days when we work on the painting.”

Liv thought of the mansion that had always felt somewhat bleak.

It was a place far too grand and beautiful just for painting nudes. But then again, there wasn’t really any other reason to open it—it was a splendid space, yet devoid of any warmth. In comparison, this place felt much cozier.

“And this place is…?”

“Just somewhere I use privately. There’s even a decent hunting ground attached.”

The Marquis replied dismissively, motioning to the seat opposite him with a tilt of his chin.

“Sit down.”

Just then, the library door opened, and Philip entered, pushing a serving tray.

Did butlers normally do such tasks?

If Philip noticed Liv’s puzzled gaze, he showed no sign of it, looking genuinely pleased as he prepared the tea himself.

“This is black tea. We just received an excellent batch yesterday, and I hope it suits your taste. I’ve also brought warmed milk, just in case. Please let me know if you need it. And these scones are the chef’s most confident creation. The chocolates next to them are handmade, not too sweet, and should pair well.”

Liv found herself unintentionally focused on Philip’s courteous explanation.

A delicate porcelain cup was filled with rich red tea, while plates of fragrant scones and chocolates were laid out. There were even various types of cream, butter, and jam to spread on the scones.

“Actually, our chef makes wonderful tarts as well. It’s a pity we didn’t have time to prepare one today. Hopefully, there will be an opportunity next time.”

Liv responded with an awkward smile, as she wasn’t in a position to create such opportunities.

With the table now filled with the treats from the tray, Philip looked satisfied. Glancing back at the Marquis, who had been observing him while resting his chin on his hand, the Marquis spoke in a disinterested tone.

“Why did you come here personally?”

“One must keep moving as one gets older. Otherwise, they rust.”

At Philip’s easygoing answer, the Marquis pressed his index finger to his brow.

“Clean up and leave when you’re done.”

It seemed Philip had wanted to stay longer to serve in the library. With a clearly disappointed expression, Philip bowed and said his farewell.

“Then, if you need anything, please call for me anytime.”

After Philip, who had continued speaking smoothly while explaining the desserts, left, silence descended upon the library. The stillness was so heavy that even lifting the teacup felt like an act requiring caution. Perhaps noticing Liv’s hesitation, the Marquis was the first to lift his cup.

“Go ahead. The chef isn’t bad at what he does. I’m sure it’ll suit your taste too.”

Even without the recommendation, the aroma alone had already made Liv’s mouth water. She doubted the high-end pastries she received from Baron Pendence’s family could even compare.

However, Liv was more curious about the reason she was here than the taste of the dessert.

After sipping her tea out of courtesy, Liv spoke up first.

“I’d like to know why you called for me today.”

Was her voice too soft? The Marquis didn’t respond.

After some hesitation, Liv tried again.

“Do you have something you wish to say to me?”

This time, there was a response. The Marquis, elegantly setting down his cup, glanced at her and replied, “It seems like it’s you who has something to say to me, not the other way around.”

“Pardon?”

“I heard you went to see Adolf.”

“Ah…”

So he knew about her conversation with Adolf. Come to think of it, it made sense that the Marquis would be informed. Since he owned the house, he would naturally receive reports about any maintenance work.

And what might have happened during that process could also have been relayed to him.

“I heard your situation looked rather dire.”

How much did he know?

Liv bit her lip, remaining silent for a moment.

It was Adolf who had suggested she ask the Marquis for help. So perhaps Adolf had shared enough to elicit sympathy from the Marquis? If that were the case, then…

Was now the time to ask the Marquis for something?

“I have a sick… younger sister at home. I suppose that’s what he spoke about.”

With some difficulty, Liv finally spoke. The Marquis gestured for her to continue. After a moment of hesitation, Liv seemed to make up her mind and spoke more firmly.

“She’s been holding on with medication, but I heard that the Dominian Medical Institute recently developed a new drug. There’s a possibility it could improve my sister’s condition… but I have no way to look into it. If you could provide even some information…”

“A drug, is it…”

The Marquis tilted his head slightly, drawing out the last word as if in thought.

“Is that why you needed money?”

By now, Liv was no longer ashamed to admit her financial difficulties in front of the Marquis. Understanding her silence as affirmation, the Marquis gave a small nod.

“A pitiable family situation.”

Despite the content, his tone was remarkably dry.

“But before looking into the drug, shouldn’t your sister see a doctor first?”

He was echoing what Adolf had said. But Liv still lacked confidence. Anyone who had seen that child coughing up blood and dying would likely feel the same way.

“Of course, she’s been examined. There just hasn’t been any progress.”

“Was it a proper examination?”

“Pardon?”

“Judging by your circumstances, it doesn’t seem like the doctor you saw was particularly competent.”

To her surprise, the Marquis had hit the nail on the head, and Liv’s eyes widened. The Marquis, who had been watching her, picked up his cup again.

He seemed to have said all he intended, and now silence stretched out, leaving Liv feeling increasingly uneasy. She had already expressed her wish to the Marquis, and he had pointed out what needed to be addressed first.

Was he expecting her to make another request?

Did he want her to ask for a doctor’s recommendation?

Liv, after opening and closing her mouth several times, finally spoke in a strained voice, “Could you perhaps assist in caring for my sister?”

“If I could?”

“I will… do anything more you ask of me.”

Such vague promises were dangerous.

Liv knew just how reckless and daring her words were. But there was nothing else she could offer. She had nothing material to repay the Marquis for his help.

At Liv’s words, the Marquis let out a subtle sigh. Then, narrowing his eyes, he asserted, “There is nothing of value that you can give me.”

Liv’s head shot up, her eyes trembling. Seeing her desperate expression, the Marquis lifted one corner of his mouth into a slight smile.

“What, do you think you have something to offer me?”

His words made her face burn. Liv realized that the Marquis had discerned a deeply hidden, unacknowledged fantasy she herself hadn’t fully recognized—the presumptuous notion that he might desire her in his bed.

“Actually, now that I think about it, there is something worthwhile.”

The Marquis leaned back in his chair, nodding. Liv’s shoulders tensed up at his words.

“You are amusing.”

It wasn’t a complicated statement, yet Liv couldn’t understand what he meant. What part of her was amusing?

“So keep entertaining me. As long as you don’t disappoint me, good fortune will visit your house every day.”

Would that really be good fortune? It seemed far too much to handle, despite being wrapped in the sweet term “good fortune.”

Liv felt her heart pounding, accompanied by an inexplicable sense of unease.

“Bring your sister here. I’ll introduce you to a good doctor.”

“A doctor?”

“He’s been my personal doctor for years, so you needn’t worry about his skills.”

If he was the Marquis’s personal doctor, he was certainly better than the quack doctor she had met before. In fact, someone of such status was beyond what Liv could ever hope to access. She was overwhelmed by the sudden stroke of fortune that seemed to have dropped from the heavens.

The Marquis, who had casually thrown this opportunity before her, spoke in a detached voice, “And from now on, any extra work will be separate from the painting sessions. I’ll send a carriage for you.”

 “So, are you saying… the number of times will increase?”

“If necessary.”

Not only had she been introduced to a doctor, but she now also had an opportunity to earn more money. Within just an hour of arriving at the mansion, the problems that had plagued Liv seemed to vanish like a lie.

Moreover, all it took were a few words from the Marquis to solve them. It was all so effortless that it felt unreal, leaving Liv speechless.

Perhaps taking her silence a certain way, the Marquis added, almost as if he were doing her a favor, “I’ll make sure to exclude the days you go to Baron Pendence’s residence.”

It was as though he was making some grand concession.

“Eat the dessert too. If you leave it, the chef will be quite disappointed.”

At his words, Liv stiffly lifted her hand to grasp the cutlery. Yet her mind was filled with countless thoughts. Among all the confusion, the emotions that gradually grew in prominence were deep relief, gratitude, and a faint sense of excitement.

The Marquis was a man with the power to significantly influence her life, and she had caught his interest. She was beginning to realize just how incredible this was.

After her parents died, Liv had never leaned on anyone. With her younger sister to take care of, she always had to be the head of the household, the breadwinner.

But if she could stay by the Marquis’s side, if she could remain with him…

“Master.”

Lost in her thoughts, Liv snapped back to reality. Philip, who had knocked and entered, approached the Marquis. Judging by his cautious demeanor, it seemed he was mindful of Liv’s presence.

Liv consciously avoided looking at the Marquis and Philip, focusing solely on the dessert in front of her. However, she couldn’t stop herself from eavesdropping.

Philip spoke in a very low voice, making it impossible for Liv to catch what was being said. As she struggled to suppress her growing curiosity, she heard the Marquis mutter irritably.

“In person?”

Just as the Marquis’s expression grew visibly sharper, Philip’s expression also darkened.

Had something gone wrong? Should she discreetly excuse herself?

As Liv contemplated quietly setting her fork down, thinking it was inappropriate to enjoy scones at such a tense moment, she heard the Marquis click his tongue.

“Tsk.”

“What should we do?”

“Decline.”

“But…”

Philip’s face looked troubled as his voice trailed off, but the Marquis impatiently interrupted, making it clear he had no intention of reconsidering.

“Should I have to consider their opinion?”

“Understood.”

Philip bowed without further question. The Marquis, seemingly having lost his appetite, stood up abruptly. Liv, who had been watching, also stood up quietly.

She intended to say that she would take her leave now, but before she could, the Marquis spoke to her without even looking in her direction.

“Have you ever learned to ride a horse?”

“Pardon? I’ve had a few lessons, but…”

The Marquis glanced at Liv, who looked bewildered, and spoke as he exited the library, “Since you’re here, let’s go to the hunting grounds.”

It wasn’t a suggestion, and Liv had no choice in the matter.

Liv’s horseback riding skills, to be honest, were poor.

She wasn’t particularly athletic. When she was in school, she frequently received low grades in physical activities. She had nearly lost her scholarship once because of it.

It wasn’t just horseback riding or physical activities like sports; it was the same with things like dancing. Thinking she wouldn’t need to be an excellent dancer in life, Liv, back then a student, gave up on dancing and invested more time in other studies.

She didn’t regret that decision even now.

However… she did feel some regret that she hadn’t put more effort into learning horseback riding.

Compared to the Marquis, who rode his horse with great ease, Liv’s horse barely moved at a crawl. Thanks to the servant accompanying them and holding her horse’s reins, Liv could ride stably, but she would have struggled if left to manage on her own.

And it wasn’t as if the Marquis would have shown her any leniency just because she struggled. He looked to be in a particularly foul mood.

The servants of the mansion swiftly prepared for the Marquis’s sudden declaration of a hunt. It seemed they had all experienced such abrupt plans before.

They quickly readied the shotgun, stationed the beaters, and prepared the hunting dogs. Although this wasn’t a formal hunt and some things were missing, it was sufficient for appearances.

“This should do,” the Marquis said, prompting the beaters and trackers to move quickly.

Apparently, the Marquis had no intention of venturing deeper into the hunting grounds himself. Considering Liv had accompanied him, it wouldn’t have been easy to directly pursue the prey anyway.

Come to think of it, it was quite strange. Liv was of no particular help on this hunt. In fact, she was more of a hindrance.

Why had he brought her along?

Quietly pondering, Liv arrived at the conclusion that the most likely reason was to have someone to talk to. Otherwise, there was nothing she could contribute here on the hunting grounds.

Wondering what to say, Liv chose the easiest topic.

“Do you enjoy hunting?”

The Marquis, who had been staring off into the distant sky, waiting for a signal from the beaters, glanced sideways at her.

“Not at all.”

His response came without a moment’s hesitation, leaving Liv with a bewildered expression. Since he had an estate with its own hunting grounds, she had assumed he must enjoy hunting. Especially since he had come out to hunt the moment his mood soured.

Most people would turn to hobbies they enjoyed to alleviate a bad mood, wouldn’t they?

While Liv struggled to figure out how to react to the unexpected answer, the Marquis added a curt comment, “I do it because I must.”

“…Because you must?”

“Sometimes, there’s unavoidable killing that has to be done, Teacher.”

At that moment, a flock of birds suddenly took flight, flapping their wings in a noisy flutter. The Marquis, who had been holding his shotgun loosely, immediately raised it to aim at the sky. The long barrel unhesitatingly targeted its mark.

Bang!

At the sound of the gunshot, so close by, Liv’s shoulders flinched and trembled.

Bang, bang!

Two more gunshots echoed in quick succession. The acrid smell of gunpowder filled the air, and Liv instinctively covered her nose as she looked up at the sky. The startled flock of birds was scattering in all directions. Liv, a novice in such matters, couldn’t tell if the hunt had been successful.

The Marquis, who had fired the shots without warning, calmly lowered the gun. He gave a brief glance at the spent cartridges scattered on the ground before casually reloading.

“Is this your first time seeing someone fire a gun?”

“I’ve never had a reason to see it.”

“You’ve lived quite a sheltered life.”

It was a tone he sometimes used—as if speaking to a child. Without thinking, Liv retorted immediately.

“I wouldn’t say that.”

The Marquis didn’t respond. However, judging by the faintly twisted expression on his lips, it seemed he wasn’t taking her words seriously.

There was no need for him to understand or validate the hardships of her life. Even if she tried to explain, he wouldn’t understand.

Still, Liv felt somewhat displeased at the Marquis’s attitude of assuming she was just some naive young lady.

“If I had truly been sheltered, I wouldn’t have ended up in such a relationship with you, my lord.”

The Marquis, who had been inspecting the shotgun, raised his head at her words. He stared at Liv’s stiff expression for a moment before narrowing his eyes.

“Then, Teacher, you must be grateful for that misfortune. After all, it’s what led you to stand here now.”

“Do you think I’m pleased to be in this position?”

“Yes.”

Liv closed her lips, seemingly at a loss for words. The Marquis, nodding nonchalantly, returned his focus to the gun.

“If I’m wrong, feel free to deny it.”

He spoke as if he wasn’t even considering the possibility that he might be mistaken. His attitude made Liv want to refute him right away, but for some reason, she couldn’t open her mouth.

It wasn’t simply because of the various intertwined interests between them. Of course, she had to cater to his whims, but more than that…

The Marquis was right. Deep down, Liv was pleased with her current position—being in a relationship that anyone would recognize as special.

“You are correct.”

The Marquis raised his eyebrows, apparently not expecting Liv to admit it so readily. Liv met his gaze steadily, then continued in an even tone, “It was inevitable for me, and you know that as well. There’s no point in pretending otherwise.”

“You accept things more quickly than I thought.”

“I’ve already given it a lot of thought.”

“Thought, huh… About what, exactly?”

“About how I should take your interest in me.”

The Marquis no longer concealed his amusement. He looked at Liv with an intrigued gaze and smiled slightly.

“And how did you decide to take it?”

“Just as it is.”

Liv lowered her gaze. In truth, she had no other choice.

The Marquis’s interest was like an endless, powerful wave, and she was merely a small boat, helplessly swept along. Even if she were to be overturned, shattered, and sink into the deep sea, there was nothing she could do.

Against such overwhelming power, resistance would only lead to destruction. Sometimes, surrendering oneself was the best way to increase the odds of survival.

“If you call for me, I’ll come; if you send me away, I’ll go; if you offer help, I’ll accept it…”

“And if I tell you to undress.”

“…Then I’ll undress.”

 Liv, who had answered in a low but clear voice, raised her eyes.

The Marquis no longer had a smile on his face. His expression was unreadable, and his gaze toward Liv appeared cold and somewhat relentless.

As their conversation came to a halt, the sounds of the forest—birdsong and the hum of insects—began to fill the silence between them. The peace seemed almost deceptive, as if the few gunshots had never shattered it.

“Signal for everyone to come back. We’re finished here.”

Suddenly, the Marquis handed his shotgun to a servant. Liv, watching this, spoke in a puzzled voice.

“The hunt…”

It seemed as though it hadn’t even properly begun.

Before Liv could finish her words, the Marquis responded swiftly.

“Didn’t you just say that if I told you to undress, you would?”

His cold blue eyes stared straight at her.

“Or, do you prefer it outdoors?”

Liv, her face flushed bright red, quietly gripped the reins of her horse.

 



 

Liv thought that this time he might actually demand something more of her. However, as always, he merely stared silently at her naked body.

From time to time, he seemed restless, tapping his fingers rapidly on the table or biting the end of his cigar. It looked as if something was weighing on his mind.

Nevertheless, in the end, he did nothing, and Liv returned home just as she always did.

“Sister!”

Corida, who had been sound asleep when Liv left, was now wide awake, waiting for her with bright eyes. As soon as Liv returned, Corida frowned and rushed over to her.

“What’s going on? Today isn’t a workday. Where did you suddenly go? I was so scared when I woke up, and you weren’t here!”

“I’m sorry, Corida. There was an urgent matter related to the extra work I’ve been doing lately.”

Corida, about to continue scolding her, paused as Liv handed over something she had brought. It was a basket Philip had prepared before Liv left the mansion.

At the sweet aroma emanating from the basket, Corida’s eyes went wide, her anger forgotten.

“Oh my goodness, what is this?”

“Things went well, so it looks like my workload will increase. I’ll have to go to work more often from now on.”

“Is this a bribe to make me okay with being left alone more often?”

Corida pouted, but her face was full of curiosity as she opened the basket.

Inside were scones, chocolates, and a freshly made tart, all of which Liv had sampled during tea time.

 

“It seemed you couldn’t fully enjoy the tea time while conversing, so I prepared this. Please don’t feel burdened—consider it a gift in the hope that you will visit again.”

 

Philip had said this with a hearty laugh. Liv had been swept along by his insistence that she take the basket since there was no one else to eat it. Now, seeing Corida exclaiming in delight, Liv felt a sense of relief.

After all, it was made with her in mind, so it would be best if it was enjoyed.

“Corida, listen while you eat.”

“Okay, what is it?”

“Someone heard about our situation and wants to offer some help.”

“Help?”

Corida, who had been chewing on a tart, opened her eyes wide in surprise.

Liv, gently brushing away the crumbs from Corida’s mouth, spoke in a calm voice, “They want to introduce us to a skilled doctor.”

The chewing stopped abruptly. Corida blinked rapidly, forcing down the tart with difficulty. Yet she couldn’t seem to find any words to say.

Seeing Corida’s complicated expression, Liv stroked her hair, as if to show she understood.

“If you don’t want to, we’ll refuse. There are other ways they can help us.”

Corida had nearly died at the hands of a quack doctor at a young age. She undoubtedly harbored even greater resentment and distrust than Liv did.

Liv remembered Corida hiding in fear whenever she saw someone resembling that doctor, long after the treatment had ended.

A considerable amount of time had passed, and Corida had grown up a lot, but had that fear truly disappeared? Liv wasn’t sure.

“But, sister, if you’re bringing this up to me, it means you think this person genuinely wants to help, right?”

Corida’s perceptive words brought a faint smile to Liv’s lips. Corida pouted and fell silent for a moment before suddenly asking, “Who’s the person that wants to help us?”

Liv hesitated for a moment, unsure how to introduce the Marquis’s identity. She couldn’t just tell Corida the whole truth.

After some contemplation, Liv decided to use Adolf as a pretext, as he was at least a familiar face.

“Do you remember Adolf, the agent for this house? He’s the one who introduced us.”

“Is he someone we can trust?”

“The doctor he’s recommending seems to be very skilled. All they’ll do is give you an examination to check your condition.”

Corida’s question was probably about whether or not the person offering to help could be trusted, rather than the doctor. Liv, however, cleverly twisted her answer. So much so that Corida didn’t even seem to notice anything suspicious.

As Corida put down her half-eaten tart and fell into thought, Liv studied her expression carefully before cautiously asking, “Will you be okay with it?”

“What would I have to do?”

“Nothing at all. If you’re okay with it, we’ll just meet with the doctor together.”

Corida looked unconvinced. “Do I really need an examination? I can explain my condition myself.”

“You need a proper diagnosis if we’re going to find a way to get you better.”

“But I already have the medicine I’m taking.”

“I told you, there’s a new drug. Instead of just relying on medicine like now, you could become as healthy as other kids. To do that, we need to examine your current condition first.”

After listening quietly to Liv’s lengthy explanation, Corida let out a shallow sigh.

“Alright.”

Liv had expected Corida to refuse, so she was surprised to see her slowly nodding.

“Really?”

“If you think it’s okay, sister, then it must be okay.”

This meant she trusted Liv enough to undergo the examination. She clearly believed that Liv wouldn’t recommend anything harmful.

For some reason, Liv felt her heart swell, and she bit her lip. Overcome with sudden emotion, she hugged Corida tightly.

“Yes, everything will be alright. I’ll always protect you.”

Everything was improving, and Corida’s health would surely improve too. Liv prayed desperately.

She hoped that this choice was the right one.

 



 

Daaemon Dietrion, Marquis of several estates, had many mansions.

The largest and grandest of them all was his family home, the Langess Mansion. Situated on a vast estate far on the outskirts of the city of Buerno, it was an imposing stone mansion that could have easily been mistaken for a castle. No guests had ever been allowed past the front gate, and anyone who approached the estate was routinely turned away by guards.

The mansion’s exterior wasn’t well known due to the expansive private grounds and surrounding forest, leading to many rumors. Langess Mansion often served as the backdrop for the most gruesome stories about Daaemon . However, it was also a place that everyone dreamed of visiting at least once.

It seemed that the writer of the letter shared this sentiment. Though they weren’t usually so persistent, it seemed they were repeating the same request.

“You don’t seem to understand.”

Ignoring the letter wasn’t difficult.

But how long could he keep this up? The fact that they had sent a letter explicitly stating their intention to visit suggested that every detail had already been planned. Plans that likely had no regard for Daaemon ’s wishes.

Daaemon found the whole matter to be a nuisance.

“The response…”

“The same as before.”

Philip bowed and then left the room. Daaemon watched him go before tossing the letter he held into the fireplace. He stared dispassionately at the paper as it was swallowed by the flames, then stood up.

The long hallway was beautifully maintained and spotless, but there was a chill in the air. Cold drafts that no tapestry or carpet could block seemed to seep into every corner of the mansion.

No matter how many fireplaces were lit or how much sunlight poured in, it was useless. The coldness permeated every stone of the mansion.

Sometimes, it felt like a cold prison—despite the lack of anything to confine him.

In reality, it was no different from a prison. The way he looked when he came here was no different from that of an exiled man.

How many years had it been since he came here?

Daaemon idly counted the time. Though he couldn’t be sure, it had definitely been more than three years.

The first year had passed in a haze of rage and helplessness, with no sense of time. It wasn’t until the second year that he began going out, albeit infrequently.

When Daaemon first arrived here, Buerno had been a nondescript rural town. Had he stayed quiet, as he had in the first year, Buerno would likely have remained unchanged.

The town’s revival had begun when Daaemon started buying art like a madman.

Word spread that an avid collector resided here, and artists began flocking to the town. Politicians curious about the wealthy man’s identity started hosting events in Buerno and supporting art galleries. Since no one knew the “Marquis of Dietrion,” they concluded that Daaemon must be a secret descendant of royalty.

 The spread of Daaemon ’s name in Buerno was an inevitable outcome.

Yes, it had already been years, so it made sense that rumors would have spread in one way or another. It had been enough time for that. Daaemon rubbed his tired forehead.

His casual steps led him past the hallway and into the Long Gallery. In any other mansion, this space would have been filled with family portraits or paintings, but Daaemon filled the Long Gallery with weapons. All kinds of guns and swords were either mounted on the walls or placed within glass cases.

Some were too ornate to be called weapons and were more suitable as decorations. Others were so old and worn that it seemed questionable to even keep them, with some still having dark stains that looked like uncleaned blood.

Daaemon walked through the Long Gallery, his eyes taking in the neatly displayed guns and swords. Suddenly, he stopped in front of a long, slender sword with a beautifully shining blade.

He had been awarded this ceremonial sword the day of his promotion. It was a day when he believed everything was going smoothly. A day when he thought nothing but radiant glory and honor lay ahead.

The Daaemon of that time was a naive and foolish young man. As he reminisced, a cynical sneer spread across his face.

That polished ceremonial sword now evoked nothing but useless resentment.

 

“One can be slow to judge the situation in a fit of youthful passion. But Major, only your mother would tolerate such childishness.”

 

Right, he had heard that too.

 

“Oh, but didn’t they say your mother lacked even that much refinement? Born a vagrant, it’s truly a wonder who could be behind you, Major.”

 

Those vicious voices from his memory no longer provoked any feelings in Daaemon . He had long passed the age of being angered by such petty mockery.

Yet, while it did not affect him anymore, it wasn’t something he wished to hear again. They had always been a nuisance, and now, years later, their attempts to reel him back in were laughable.

Perhaps it was time to increase security. While Daaemon couldn’t prevent them from visiting Buerno, he certainly had no intention of turning his mansion into an inn.

‘Perhaps I should vacate altogether.’

Leave for a fortnight or a month, timed with their visit.

The sudden thought faded quickly. The idea of fleeing from the remnants of his past didn’t sit well with him. The humiliation of defeat was something he would endure only once.

Daaemon ’s once-halted steps resumed, now moving with clear purpose rather than mere wandering.

He arrived at the mansion’s basement. The air grew colder as he descended, enveloping his entire body.

Aside from the frigid atmosphere, the basement was just as beautifully decorated as the rest of the mansion. Daaemon raised his gaze, slowly sweeping across the walls.

This was where he stored the many nude paintings he had collected over the years. As he casually scanned the captivating naked figures, his gaze suddenly fixed on one in particular.

“Liv Rodaise…”

It was the first painting he had bought from Brad. It was the first time he had ever seen the back of a woman named Liv Rodaise in a painting.

For someone who had always been content with mere works of art, it was the first time he found himself curious about a living model—the very reason.

To this day, Daaemon found those initial feelings strange.

It was the same whenever he encountered Liv Rodaise. She made him do things that, under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t have done. That had been the case most recently as well.

Had there ever been a time when he had returned so quickly from the hunting grounds?

He hadn’t expected anything particular when he brought her along. It was more like he had grabbed her on a whim, like a piece of luggage that happened to be there. She, too, probably realized soon enough that she had nothing to contribute at the hunting grounds.

Yet, despite her apparent uselessness, she somehow made herself useful.

The impulse, which usually only ended after witnessing the last breath, the ground stained red, and the stench of blood filling his senses, had been pacified—ridiculously easily—by just conversing with her.

That day, for the first time in his life, Daaemon found lust overwhelming his desire to kill.

The mere thought of it made him hard again. Daaemon let out a small scoff at the immediate reaction from his body. Even the tingling sensations from his scars seemed to be turning into sexual stimulation. Day by day, his senses were becoming more acute, more severe.

‘Would it subside if I slept with her once?’

It wasn’t as though he hadn’t considered it. But Daaemon knew himself well. This raging desire wouldn’t simply fade with a single encounter.

Moreover, this lust wasn’t driven by a savage urge to force himself on a crying, resisting woman. If it had been that kind, he would have dealt with it long ago. No, this was a desire for something more—a mental fulfillment.

He had always pursued a perfect victory. Daaemon had always won, as long as no undue power intervened. It was his longstanding habit to create perfect conditions for victory before entering any battle.

Daaemon licked his lips as he stared at the nude painting. At some point, a searing thirst had begun gnawing away at his nerves, little by little.

But for now, it was bearable.

In any case, she would eventually kneel before him, yielding of her own volition. He was sure of it.

She would look up at him with eyes that betrayed her helplessness, all her previous lies of indifference exposed, begging to take him into her mouth.

Ah, imagining victory still felt so satisfying.

 



 

“Teacher! Did you hear that Cardinal Calliope is visiting Buerno?”

As always, Million brought up topics that had nothing to do with her lessons. Despite Liv opening her book without flinching, Million persisted.

“My parents might even host the Cardinal this time!”

This time, Liv couldn’t ignore her. She had vowed not to react, but now her eyes widened.

“At the Pendence estate?”

“Yes! There’s no place in Buerno as nice as our home!”

Million looked immensely satisfied with Liv’s reaction, lifting her chin proudly. Then she paused, seemingly recalling something. Rolling her eyes to avoid Liv’s gaze, she added in a slightly petulant voice.

“Of course, there’s also Marquis Dietrion, but he never cares who visits the city anyway. The Blaise family’s mansion is too far from Buerno, so it’s not ideal for the Cardinal’s comings and goings.”

“But doesn’t the Cardinal usually have quite an entourage?”

“Oh, we could just open up all the annexes for them!”

Yes, even if there wasn’t enough space, the Pendence family would probably insist on hosting the Cardinal and even build a new place if necessary.

Liv, brushing off unnecessary worries, nodded.

Certainly, for being in the heart of Buerno, the Pendence estate occupied an impressively large plot. It would be more convenient for the Cardinal than the Blaise family’s mansion on the outskirts.

“It would be a great honor to host the Cardinal.”

“Exactly!”

“But if the Cardinal comes in person, wouldn’t Marquis Dietrion have to step forward as well?”

Even though he was an arrogant man who looked down on everyone.

Unlike the nobles who were abundant to the point of being honorary titles, a cardinal was a rare, highly ranked cleric—chosen from among the clergy. They were individuals who might one day lead the church. No matter how distinguished a noble was, they couldn’t treat such a figure lightly. Cardinals didn’t belong to any nation; they were aligned with the church. And in most countries, the church’s religion was adopted as the state religion.

“But Marquis Dietrion has never once entertained guests. It didn’t matter how high the noble rank, even those from the capital had no success.”

“The Cardinal is different.”

Of course, if she remembered what he had said in the chapel, it seemed like he lacked any genuine piety…

Liv thought of the mansions owned by the Marquis that she had visited. Just two so far, but both were stunning and grand. She had heard he never opened the main Langess Mansion to guests, but any of his other estates would suffice.

“Actually, I have a reason for being so sure.”

“A reason?”

“You’ll be surprised when you hear it.”

Million leaned forward, whispering as if revealing a secret.

“Among the nobles escorting the Cardinal, there’s someone Teacher Camille knows!”

“…Teacher Marcel?”

“Yes! So obviously, they’d stay at our house! It’s always more comfortable to stay somewhere you know someone!”

This was something Liv hadn’t expected at all. She had figured Camille was well-connected, but not to this extent.

To be hosting a cardinal meant they were from a rather prestigious noble family.

What kind of person was Camille, really, to have such acquaintances? And why was he spending his time as an art tutor in this provincial town?

“Because of this, Teacher Camille has been meeting my parents almost every day recently. He spends more time with them than he does teaching me! He’s probably in Father’s office right now.”

“I see.”

Liv thought it was a fascinating coincidence, yet she felt a strange sense of unease. It was something she couldn’t precisely define—vague, but unsettling enough that she couldn’t just dismiss it.

However, no matter how much she pondered, there was nothing Liv could do. What did Camille’s odd behavior have to do with her, anyway?

Ignoring the thorn-like discomfort lodged in her throat, Liv turned her gaze back to the textbook.

A cardinal or a noble—all of them were people far removed from Liv’s life. It was far more productive to worry about Corida, who would soon be examined by a doctor.

 On the day Liv was supposed to pose for another nude painting, she arrived at Brad’s studio only to find it locked, with him nowhere in sight.

Once might be understandable, but twice in a row without any work being done…

Normally, she would have been concerned enough to ask around, but unfortunately, Liv didn’t have the luxury to worry about Brad. She had received a message to bring Corida along, as the session had been canceled. Regarding the examination, she had invoked Adolf’s name to convince Corida, and to Liv’s relief, Adolf himself came to pick them up.

That seemed to reassure Corida a bit. Furthermore, Adolf was adept at keeping things lighthearted, chatting amiably throughout the carriage ride to ease Corida’s nerves.

By the time they arrived at Berryworth Mansion, Corida’s anxious expression had completely softened.

“Here we are at last.”

“Wow…”

Corida’s mouth dropped open at the sight of the mansion before them. Liv fully understood Corida’s reaction, so she let her admire it for a while.

It was only her second visit, but the place still struck her as remarkably beautiful.

“Welcome, Miss Rodaise.”

Philip, who had been waiting at the entrance, greeted Liv and Corida politely.

“And we have a lovely guest as well. Welcome to Berryworth Mansion. I am Philip Philemond, the butler here. You may call me Philip.”

“Hello, Grandpa Philip. I’m Corida Rodaise. You can just call me Corida.”

Seeing Corida address Philip so casually, Liv gasped and tried to stop her, but Philip burst into laughter before she could.

“Thank you, Miss Corida. If you have any questions about the mansion, feel free to ask me anything. Oh, do you like fruit tarts?”

“I love them!”

“That’s wonderful. We happened to prepare some just in time.”

His last words were directed at Liv, who smiled awkwardly at him. Holding Corida’s hand, she slowly walked into the mansion. Adolf had gone ahead, saying he needed to make a report, so Philip was the one guiding them.

Corida couldn’t keep her mouth closed as they made their way to the parlor. Liv had visited a noble’s mansion before as a live-in tutor, but that estate wasn’t nearly as lavish or grand as this one.

“Please wait here for a moment.”

The parlor was warm, likely because the fireplace was lit. As soon as Liv and Corida took their seats, maids quickly prepared refreshments. Corida, who had never received such an extravagant reception, looked around in awe.

Once the maids withdrew, Corida leaned over to Liv, whispering quietly, “Sister, the owner of this mansion is the one who wants to help us, right?”

“Yes.”

“Have you met him? What kind of person is he?”

“…He’s just a kind person.”

Corida’s face was filled with doubt. “He’s helping us just because he feels sorry for us? Does anyone like that even exist?”

“He’s doing it out of compassion.”

“No, it still sounds weird. We’re not the only unfortunate people in the world. Doesn’t he want something else?”

Liv thought Corida had been completely mesmerized by the mansion’s splendor, but it seemed she was harboring her own doubts.

“Something else?”

“Yes. Maybe he’s attracted to your beauty…”

Liv let out a faint smile at Corida’s serious musing. While it wasn’t entirely correct, it struck oddly close to the truth, making Liv hesitate to deny it outright.

Fortunately, before Liv had to respond, the parlor door opened, and Adolf appeared.

“I apologize for keeping you waiting.”

A woman Liv had never seen before appeared behind Adolf.

Wearing a monocle, she was a stern-looking, gaunt middle-aged woman with streaks of gray in her neatly tied brown hair. She was holding a medical bag.

“This is Dr. Thierry Gertrude. She will be examining Miss Corida Rodaise today. Dr. Gertrude, this is Liv Rodaise, Corida’s guardian, and this is the patient, Corida Rodaise.”

“Hello, Doctor.”

Thierry looked at Liv and Corida with a rather condescending expression. Liv quickly extended her hand for a handshake, but instead of accepting it, Thierry just stared at it.

Finding the doctor’s demeanor less than friendly, Liv withdrew her hand but kept her smile and spoke again, “I heard you are very skilled. It’s an honor to be examined by you. We appreciate your help.”

“Corida, you say?”

Thierry’s gaze fixed on Corida. Corida, who had been stiff with nervousness, flinched under her stare and shrank back, gripping Liv’s dress tightly. She paled, especially when she caught sight of the doctor’s medical bag.

The admiration she had shown earlier seemed to vanish, replaced by sheer fear. Corida wasn’t merely intimidated by Thierry’s stern attitude; seeing the medical bag had brought back bad memories.

That bag was just like the one the doctor from years ago had carried. It had triggered her traumatic memories.

Seeing Corida’s frightened demeanor, Thierry frowned slightly. Liv put a comforting arm around Corida’s shoulders and said, “She has some bad memories related to doctors. I hope you’ll understand if she seems scared.”

For the first time, Thierry’s expression changed, her eyebrows lifting slightly as she looked at Liv.

“What kind of memories?”

After considering how much she should say, Liv spoke calmly, “He attempted excessive bloodletting.”

“And then?”

“When her life was in danger because of it, he insisted on performing surgery.”

“Surgery? From what I’ve heard of her symptoms, surgery shouldn’t have been necessary.”

“He didn’t see it that way. He… wanted to examine her brain.”

Corida took a sharp breath, but Liv continued, trying to stay composed. She knew sugar-coating the events wouldn’t work with Thierry. It was better to be straightforward about Corida’s fears and hope that Thierry would maintain her professional demeanor.

Adolf sighed sympathetically at Liv’s blunt account, while Thierry remained silent for a moment.

Thierry’s gaze returned to Corida, now much softer than before.

“To be honest, this is my first time treating a child.”

“Pardon?”

“But that doesn’t mean it will be an issue. I’m very skilled. I’ve kept many people alive who were on the brink of death. You’ll be hard-pressed to find a better doctor anywhere.”

There was no arrogance in Thierry’s voice—she spoke as if she were merely stating a fact.

“One thing is certain: the quack you encountered wasn’t a doctor but a madman exploiting a patient for his own curiosity. I am not a madman; I am a doctor.”

Thierry stepped forward, placing her medical bag on the table in front of Liv.

“A doctor’s job is solely to save and treat patients. For that, the patient must trust the doctor. I won’t force you to trust me, but I won’t tolerate being compared to the madman you met.”

Her gaze shifted to Corida, who was hiding behind Liv. Corida, who had looked like she might burst into tears at any moment, now stared wide-eyed at Thierry.

“Will you let me examine you, Miss Corida Rodaise?”

Corida, looking dazed, nodded as if entranced. The terrified expression on her face had eased considerably.

Watching this, Liv let out a sigh of relief. Thierry seemed far more competent than the quack they had met in the past. She indeed seemed worthy of being the Marquis’s personal doctor.

At the same time, Liv found herself thinking that she wanted to see the Marquis.

She needed to thank him, of course… But perhaps she also just wanted an excuse to see him.

 



 

Liv hadn’t realized just how sociable Corida could be.

She had some inkling—Corida had always gotten along well with their neighbors. She had even grown close to Adolf in no time.

But she hadn’t known it was to this extent. Unlike Liv, who maintained a polite distance from others, Corida had no reservations about embracing the kindness offered to her.

“I’m glad you liked the dessert. Haha.”

Philip had quickly grown close to Corida as well. Although Corida had shown some restraint around Adolf, aware that he was the master of the house, she treated Philip like a kind old neighbor.

Philip seemed genuinely pleased by Corida’s behavior.

“It’s really delicious. If you opened a shop in town, you’d never run out of customers!”

“Ivan would be delighted to hear that. Ah, Ivan is the head chef here. He’s always disappointed that no one gives him much feedback on his cooking.”

“I could give him my thoughts all day long!”

“Haha, I must introduce you to Ivan sometime. He is an expert in all kinds of dishes.”

Watching Corida act as though she had visited the mansion dozens of times, Liv let out a long breath. It was better for her to be comfortable like this than to be nervous and scared.

“Miss Rodaise, would you like to meet with the master now?”

Adolf, who had been contributing to the cheerful atmosphere much like Philip, approached Liv with a gentle suggestion.

Liv nodded, having already intended to meet the Marquis to thank him, though she couldn’t help but cast a worried glance at Corida.

 Feeling Liv’s gaze, Corida put down the fork she was holding and awkwardly stood up.

“Ah, I’ll go with you.”

Letting Corida meet the Marquis directly was probably not a good idea. The Marquis was known for being cold and unsociable. If Corida, who was not well-versed in worldly affairs, learned that such a man had suddenly shown favor by introducing a doctor, she would definitely find it strange.

Besides, from the Marquis’s perspective, there was no reason to meet Corida in person. Liv shook her head without hesitation.

“No, you don’t need to. Can you be alright on your own while I’m gone?”

“Are you sure I don’t need to greet him?”

“It’s alright, Miss Corida.”

Philip gently intervened from beside them, trying to dissuade Corida. Adolf also gestured reassuringly, telling her not to feel burdened.

Corida, hesitating, spoke carefully, “I can be alone, but…”

“It won’t take long. If you are worried, I can stay with you,” Adolf said, trying to reassure Liv.

Liv hesitated for a moment. She didn’t think Philip or Adolf would harm Corida. They had just finished Thierry’s examination, so there was no reason for them to behave badly now. Moreover, all of this was being carried out under the Marquis’s orders.

So, if they harmed Corida, they would also be defying the Marquis’s commands.

“I’ll be back soon, Corida.”

“Yes, don’t worry and go.”

Alright, let’s make this quick.

With that decision, Liv stood up. Fortunately, Adolf assigned a servant to accompany her, allowing her to find the Marquis without getting lost. The Marquis was in his private lounge, on the top floor of the mansion.

He stood by the window, a cigar between his lips, with wisps of smoke drifting out through the open window.

“Your sister were examined?”

“Yes, thanks to your kindness, it went well.”

“Dr. Gertrude may be a bit particular, but her skills are reliable. I heard she didn’t acknowledge your greeting properly?”

It seemed that someone had reported this to him in real time. Considering that he had personally introduced his doctor, it was natural for him to be interested, even if he hadn’t been present.

Liv wasn’t surprised. She nodded and spoke in a low voice, “It’s alright. As long as Corida received proper care.”

Thierry had been very serious during the examination, as if to prove her own boast. She hadn’t made a hasty diagnosis of Corida’s condition, and she noted even the smallest symptoms.

Although some blood was drawn, it was nothing like the excessive bloodletting in the past. She had simply pricked Corida’s fingertip to collect what was needed. Whenever she used a stethoscope or touched Corida, she always sought her consent first.

This approach had significantly eased Corida’s anxiety. Though she had been tense at the beginning of the examination, by the end, she had visibly relaxed.

“Did you hear the results of the examination?”

“Not yet. She said it would take some time to confirm a few things.”

“I see. I’ll make sure they inform you as soon as the results are ready.”

Just as Liv began to feel relieved that the examination had gone smoothly, the Marquis’s words brought a new wave of unease.

What if the diagnosis was bad? What if the medication Corida had been taking was useless, or her condition had worsened over the years, or there was an issue with Liv’s care…?

Liv pushed away the dark thoughts that threatened to overwhelm her. At least, these weren’t concerns to be dwelling on here and now. She wasn’t alone.

With her hands clasped tightly together, Liv finally expressed her gratitude.

“Thank you. You’ve really helped me so much…”

“Sit.”

Before Liv could finish her words, the Marquis gestured toward the sofa.

As she sat, her legs gave way slightly, causing the sofa cushion to make a louder sound than expected.

“Anyone would think you were the patient.”

Blushing slightly, Liv retorted, “That was just a mistake.”

“If I didn’t know how pale you looked, I’d have shown you a mirror.”

Liv, who had been sitting quietly, raised her head at his words. The Marquis, who had been leaning against the window, began to move slowly.

He casually flicked the half-burnt cigar into the ashtray and picked up a cigar case that lay beside it. With deliberate slowness, he drew out a cigar, cut the cap, and approached Liv.

Just as he had handed her a handkerchief before, his gesture toward her was casual and nonchalant.

“The scent can sometimes help calm you down.”

Liv, taken aback, took the cigar, looking up at him in surprise. The moment their eyes met, she flinched, quickly looking away as though she’d been burned. She fumbled with the thick cigar for a moment before cautiously placing it between her lips.

She had often smelled cigars, but this was her first time holding one in her mouth. The unfamiliar texture and taste left her bewildered, and the Marquis lit the end of the cigar with a match.

Liv stared, almost entranced, at the small flickering flame before abruptly pulling the cigar away from her lips at the sharp, hot sensation that stung her nose.

“Cough, cough!”

Without realizing it, Liv inhaled the smoke awkwardly, causing her to quickly cover her mouth, but she couldn’t stop the harsh coughing that followed. She coughed so hard that tears welled up in her eyes, and only after regaining her breath did she lift her head.

Despite her struggle, the cigar remained lit in her hand, its end glowing red.

“Ah, I suppose it was too much for you.”

The Marquis had expected her reaction from the start. How else could he be so composed?

He looked down at Liv, her cheeks flushed and eyes wet from coughing, and took the cigar from her hand.

“Then you’ll need to learn first.”

He drew the cigar that Liv had just been holding into his mouth, skillfully inhaling the smoke before exhaling. His free hand reached out, lightly grasping Liv’s chin. The gentle pressure lifted her chin, and their eyes met.

The cigar’s smoke stung her nose, blurring her vision, but Liv’s focus was elsewhere.

On the rough, moist sensation pressing against her lips.

“……!”

Heat unlike anything she’d felt before pressed between her parted lips. The saliva tasted of cigar smoke, with a bitterness and dryness that reminded her of parched leaves.

Shocked and bewildered, Liv squeezed her eyes shut. Seeing the Marquis’s face up close only heightened the stimulation.

Yet shutting her eyes only made her sense of touch more vivid.

The tongue that had invaded her mouth gently curled around her own, brushing against her inner cheeks. The slow, languid movements focused her attention entirely on him. She could distinctly feel where and how his tongue pressed and rubbed against hers.

A shiver ran down her spine, as if someone had trailed a finger along her back.

“Mm…”

A faint, moaning breath escaped her parted lips. As if that were a signal, the gentle kiss became more forceful.

The pressure pushed Liv backward, her upper body tipping further until it seemed she might fall. Instinctively, she clutched the Marquis’s shirt to steady herself. The fabric crumpled in her hand, and only then did the overpowering force of the kiss relent.

The hand that had been firmly gripping her chin withdrew. Liv, trembling, struggled to open her eyes. She saw the Marquis slowly straighten, putting distance between them.

If not for the saliva glistening on her lips, one might not have known what had just transpired. He was as poised and composed as ever. The only trace left was the slightly wrinkled fabric of his shirt where she had clung to him.

Breathless, Liv stared blankly at the Marquis. He casually stubbed out the mostly smoked cigar on the table.

“I wonder if you’ve learned properly.”

A round, black mark marred the expensive table. He tossed the still-smoking cigar onto it and completely turned his back to Liv.

Only then did Liv begin to gather her scattered thoughts.

“…Learn, you say?”

“How to move smoke around in your mouth.”

The Marquis wiped the saliva from his lips with a handkerchief. When he noticed the crumpled fabric of his shirt, he frowned briefly and smoothed it out with a swipe of his hand. He then opened a drawer in the table and pulled something out.

It was a small, individually wrapped candy.

“I’ve never taught anyone before, so I can’t speak to how effective this lesson was.”

He placed the round candy in Liv’s hand, tilting his head slightly as he looked at her.

“But you’re diligent, so I’m sure you’ll practice.”

His lopsided smile was filled with arrogance, yet so beautiful that she couldn’t look away.

Liv clenched the candy in her hand, as if it were her lifeline.

As if holding onto the candy could somehow help her escape this swamp.

 “Teacher, teacher!”

“Hmm?”

“What on earth are you thinking about that you don’t even notice when I’m calling you right in front of you?”

Liv snapped out of her daze, frowning slightly before apologizing quickly.

“Ah, did you finish?”

“No, that’s not it, Teacher. You weren’t listening to me, were you?”

“I’m sorry. I just… can’t seem to focus today.”

Liv brushed her bangs back with a rough hand and let out a long sigh. Seeing Liv looking so visibly exhausted, Million quickly called for the maid standing outside. As Million insisted on preparing some healthful tea, Liv looked at her with a troubled expression, then shifted her gaze to the window.

It had already been three days since she’d returned from Berryworth Mansion.

In other words… three days had already passed since her kiss with the Marquis.

Since then, Liv’s daily life had been in complete disarray, and even on the third day, things had not returned to normal.

It was unavoidable. Wherever she looked, whatever she did, her thoughts were filled entirely with the Marquis. The short kiss they had shared, and the whole scene at that moment, had taken root in her mind, refusing to leave.

No, could that even be called a kiss? The Marquis had described it as “lesson,” and maybe he really had done it just to teach her how to smoke a cigar…

‘But that’s nonsense!’

No matter how he dressed it up, it was still a kiss. A brief, yet deeply intimate kiss. The kind of physical contact that only close lovers might share.

Of course, Liv had already exposed her naked body in front of the Marquis several times, so it wasn’t surprising that such contact wouldn’t startle her. She had even guessed that he might demand more from her.

‘But it wasn’t during extra work hours!’

It was just a normal, everyday situation where she had gone to thank him for his kindness. She wasn’t naked, nor was she there as a nude model.

When she undressed, she had at least been mentally prepared. But this time, she had been completely caught off guard, utterly defenseless, and had accepted his kiss without a thought of resistance. But if someone were to ask if she disliked it…

‘…How could I dislike it?’

Kissing a man whose face alone was enough to take her breath away.

Despite the Marquis’s infamous temperament, Liv could now understand a little of why so many women wanted to experience something with him.

Whether she loved him or not wasn’t important. The kiss itself was so stimulating that she couldn’t think of anything else. She found herself willing to throw herself into it for an even greater thrill.

‘I never imagined I could feel such desire.’

The candy he had given her lay untouched in her room, in her desk drawer. She felt that if she were to eat it, she might never be able to escape these maddening thoughts. Yet throwing it away wasn’t an option either, so she had tucked it out of sight.

But just because she couldn’t see it didn’t mean it wasn’t there.

Even earlier today, just before she had left for work, her eyes had been fixated on that drawer for a long time.

Liv rested her forehead on her hand, groaning. The more she thought about it, the deeper she felt herself sinking. She couldn’t afford to keep getting distracted like this. Even if it wasn’t about the Marquis, there were so many things in her daily life that needed her attention.

Million’s lessons, Corida’s health, the missing Brad, extra work… If she took on extra work again, she might see the Marquis…

Oh, when would these persistent memories ever disappear!

“Teacher, are you feeling alright?”

Million, who had returned with a tray from the maid, looked at Liv worriedly. Liv quickly dropped her hand from her forehead and shook her head.

“No, I’m fine. Sorry, Million. I’ll make up for today’s missed lessons with an extra session.”

“Ugh, no extra lessons needed! More importantly, Teacher, you didn’t hear me earlier, so I’ll repeat myself.”

Million seemed worried that Liv might schedule the extra lesson right then and there, so she hurriedly changed the topic.

“Are you free for dinner tomorrow night?”

“Dinner tomorrow night?”

“Yes. My parents want to invite you over. They would have asked you themselves, but they both had to leave suddenly today.”

Since her extra work with the Marquis had become increasingly irregular, Liv had tried to avoid making personal plans. It wasn’t like she particularly enjoyed socializing anyway, so she hadn’t found it inconvenient…

“They’re inviting some other teachers too. But you absolutely can’t be absent, Teacher! You’re the closest to me.”

When Liv didn’t respond immediately, Million pouted and elaborated.

It seemed that Million’s debut in society was approaching, and this dinner was likely meant to prepare for it, ensuring those around her would pay more attention to her.

After a brief hesitation, Liv nodded. A fleeting thought crossed her mind—that the Marquis might call for her suddenly tomorrow—but she forced herself to ignore that possibility.

Even if he did summon her, she honestly didn’t want to face him right now.

Meeting with parents was one of her regular duties as a tutor. And since the Marquis had already said he would respect her work at Baron Pendence’s estate, she could always use that as an excuse if needed.

Having come up with a plausible justification, Liv smiled at Million.

“Just let me know the time, and I’ll be there.”

 



 

It was her first time visiting the Pendence estate for dinner.

Although she had occasionally met with the Baroness separately, it had always been for a short tea time.

“Teacher Rodaise, is the food to your liking?”

“Yes, it’s delicious.”

Liv smiled politely, but her eyes kept glancing nervously out the window. When she had arrived, the sky had been lit by the setting sun, but now it was fully dark.

From the moment she had left her home, her shoulders had been tense. Usually, she finished Million’s lessons before sunset and left before nightfall, and when she had extra work, she was always taken home by carriage, so she hadn’t needed to walk in the dark.

As a result, she had momentarily forgotten how terrifying the dark streets could be.

‘Distracted by the wrong things.’

She felt regret for accepting the invitation too hastily, but there was no turning back now.

At least on her way here, the sky had only been dimming, not yet fully dark. The real problem would be the return journey.

She knew the neighborhood she had moved to was much safer than her previous one, but rationality often failed to ease the mind.

‘It would be better to take a shared carriage on my way back.’

The distance was short enough that taking a carriage seemed almost wasteful, but the comfort of avoiding the dark streets was worth the expense.

“Please continue looking after our Million.”

The Baroness smiled warmly, and the guests seated around the table smiled in response.

Not all of Million’s teachers were present at this dinner. Liv thought the people here seemed to have been chosen carefully to be appropriate for the setting. In other words, none of the teachers were of extremely high rank or particular prestige.

While they hadn’t formally introduced themselves, Liv had heard enough to guess what subjects Million was learning and from whom. The teachers present were likely all highly skilled in their respective fields, but they were also likely commoners like Liv.

In that context, Camille’s presence at the table was particularly surprising.

Camille sat closest to Baron Pendence and his wife, seeming to be the most familiar with them out of all the teachers. It was quite peculiar, considering he had been hired last among them. It seemed that their recent frequent meetings about art purchases and hosting the Cardinal had led to this outcome.

Liv took a quiet sip of water, watching Camille. He was exchanging light jokes with the Baron, but when he felt Liv’s gaze, he looked over at her. She had no time to avert her eyes.

When their eyes met, Camille’s lips curved into a smile. His slightly wrinkled nose seemed to hint at a longing to speak to her, as if disappointed that they were seated too far apart.

But Liv turned her head away without hesitation. Any conversation she might have with Camille…

‘Oh.’

Now that she thought about it, Camille was said to be well-versed in social circles. How much did he know about the Marquis?

‘If I could find out whether he’s always done such things…’

If there were scandalous rumors about the Marquis, maybe it would help Liv control her wavering emotions.

Of course, hearing such rumors wouldn’t be particularly pleasant, but it would be easier if he had just toyed with her casually. Liv had dealt with plenty of people who tried to take advantage of her before.

After dinner, they would likely have dessert and some relaxed conversation. Liv decided she would subtly ask Camille then.

But she still couldn’t be certain that what she truly wanted to hear were scandalous stories about the Marquis.

 
It turned out that getting a chance to talk to Camille was harder than expected. The Baron and Baroness were not letting him out of their sight. Meanwhile, Million had dragged Liv out to the garden.

“Our garden is beautiful even at night, isn’t it? It’s so pretty!”

Million urged Liv along, saying that the lights had been arranged to make it look especially beautiful tonight.

It was the time after dinner when people either gathered in the parlor for casual conversation or took leisurely walks. Even without Million’s urging, several of the teachers had already wandered out to explore the garden.

“Yes, it really is beautiful.”

Just as Million said, the garden was well lit, making it pleasant to look around, and the night air wasn’t too cold, making it perfect for a walk. With this much light, Liv thought she wouldn’t be scared by the darkness.

“Million! Million?”

Million, who had linked arms with Liv and was about to lead her deeper into the garden, paused at the sound of her name being called from behind. It was Baroness Pendence’s voice.

“Million!”

“Go on in.”

“Ah… I wanted to guide you through the garden myself.”

Million pouted in disappointment, but she couldn’t ignore her mother’s repeated calls any longer and reluctantly let go of Liv’s arm.

“I’ll be back soon, so please wait for me, alright?”

“Yes, I will. Go on, the Baroness is waiting for you.”

Smiling as she watched Million reluctantly leave, Liv turned her attention back to the garden.

Seeing the other teachers gathered in small groups and chatting made Liv realize just how unsociable she’d been. Judging by the atmosphere, it seemed like the other teachers had already gotten to know each other before this dinner.

Unlike them, Liv didn’t visit the Pendence estate or meet with the other teachers except during lessons.

This dinner could have been a good opportunity to build new connections, but Liv chose instead to quietly explore the garden. In the past, she would have done anything to be introduced to even one more student, but she no longer felt that same urgency or anxiety.

‘It’s probably because of him.’

With a soft sigh, Liv slowly made her way deeper into the garden. She wasn’t sure whether this change was a good thing, but at least she no longer felt the need to reject or be wary of it.

The Marquis was unpredictable, but he was someone she could rely on, and, admittedly, someone very attractive.

‘And I kissed him.’

Moreover, it had been her first kiss.

Liv had never placed much significance on the idea of a first kiss. Such fantasies had always seemed like a luxury she couldn’t afford. Ever since becoming the head of her household, she hadn’t had the time or interest for such things.

Yet, perhaps because of her circumstances, the intensity of that first kiss lingered with her.

The sensation of his tongue exploring her mouth had been strange and thrilling, and the sound of their mingled saliva had been strangely provocative. The longer the kiss lasted, the faster her heart beat, and she had felt an urge to press herself closer to him. It was the first time Liv had ever experienced such raw, carnal desire.

‘If he hadn’t pulled away first, I might have wrapped my arms around his neck, swept up in the moment.’

Liv absentmindedly touched her lips, only to quickly drop her hand when she realized what she was doing. Her face felt hot, and she hurried her steps deeper into the garden, hoping no one would see her and guess her inappropriate thoughts.

While there were quite a few people near the entrance to the garden, it became much quieter the further in she went. Even though the lights were bright, the atmosphere felt somewhat eerie without any people around.

It took Liv a moment to realize how quiet it had gotten, as she was too busy trying to cool her flushed face.

“Should I head back now?”

She had walked further than she had intended, and now the noise from the mansion seemed distant. Just as she turned to head back, she heard a rustling noise from behind one of the garden shrubs.

“Million, is that you?”

Maybe she had come back to fetch her.

Liv called out hopefully, but instead of Million, a large shadow emerged from behind the shrub.

“Oh, I’m sorry to disappoint you.”

The man scratched the back of his head awkwardly as he stepped out, and Liv murmured without thinking.

“Teacher Marcel.”

“I heard Million was out here, so I came to check. You wandered in further than I expected, and it took me a while to find you.”

Camille, with a sheepish smile, approached her cheerfully.

“Did you need something from me?”

“I always do, though I doubt it’s the same for you, Teacher Rodaise.”

Liv had also wanted to speak with Camille tonight, but she didn’t feel the need to tell him that. Besides, their reasons for wanting to talk were likely very different.

Camille’s candid display of affection made Liv give him an awkward smile. She had hoped that by keeping her distance, his feelings would fade, but that didn’t seem to be the case.

“The garden is even more beautiful than I expected, isn’t it? Are you enjoying your walk? There’s a lovely flowerbed over that way—have you seen it?”

Camille pointed toward the garden entrance. He seemed intent on guiding her to the flowerbed, so Liv began to follow him at a slow pace. She needed to head that way to leave the garden anyway.

Camille kept up a steady stream of cheerful conversation as they walked, keeping a respectful distance.

“The gardeners at the Pendence estate are very talented.”

“You seem to know a lot about this place. Have you visited often?”

“Recently, yes. I’ve had more reasons to come to the Pendence estate, so I’ve picked up enough knowledge to give a basic tour, even if I’m not the owner.”

He flashed a bright smile, readily acknowledging his familiarity with the Baron.

“I’ve also got some interesting stories to share while admiring the lovely garden—would you like to hear?”

“Are they like the stories you’ve mentioned before?”

Camille had once told her he knew all sorts of gossip, from trivial rumors to stories about prominent figures like the Marquis.

Recalling this, Camille nodded without hesitation. “Yes. Though I wonder if such topics might not be to your liking.”

Normally, that would have been the case. But tonight, Liv was interested in what he had to say, so she decided not to dismiss the offer.

“No, it’s fine. Stories that are hard to come by are naturally intriguing.”

Camille raised an eyebrow, surprised at Liv’s response. “I always thought you had little interest in the world, Teacher Rodaise.”

“That’s true. But I also know there are some things in this world you simply can’t ignore.”

Did Camille sense something in her words? His expression shifted subtly, and he tilted his head, studying her face before asking in a lively tone, “What would you like to know?”

Camille was perceptive, as always.

Even though she worried her question might sound strange, Liv spoke bluntly, “The Marquis Dietrion—what kind of rumors are there about him?”

Camille wasn’t particularly surprised by her question, probably because she had shown interest in the Marquis before. He just pursed his lips slightly, as if in regret.

“What kind of rumors?”

“Anything. There’s nowhere else for me to learn about him, so I thought I’d take the opportunity to ask… Though, since it’s all gossip, the truth probably hasn’t been verified.”

“True. Especially when it comes to the Marquis—his rumors are especially unconfirmed.”

Camille rubbed his chin, letting out a thoughtful sigh.

“You’ve probably heard that the Marquis is equally unfriendly and irritable to everyone, regardless of gender or age.”

By now, they had reached the flowerbed. The entrance to the garden was also close by, and they could once again hear the sounds from the mansion.

Camille glanced toward the entrance, where shadows of people moved back and forth, before continuing, “To start with the simplest rumor, no one knows which country Marquis Dietrion’s family is from. So, naturally, we don’t even know if he’s really a marquis.”

Liv’s eyes widened at this. “But everyone calls him ‘Marquis.'”

“Yes, he was already Marquis Dietrion when he first appeared. But surely he wasn’t born with that title, right?”

Well, that made sense.

Liv nodded absentmindedly, her thoughts drifting to the Marquis.

There was nothing strange about him being called ‘Marquis’ when she considered his cold and arrogant demeanor. It seemed almost natural that he would be born with such a title. It was as if he was destined to look down on others and give orders.

“No one knows where his family is from, so naturally, his past is also shrouded in mystery. That makes him a prime target for all sorts of speculation. And, well, you’ve seen him—his appearance alone is enough to spark rumors.”

“That’s true.”

If a face alone could bring down a country, the Marquis would have already burned half the continent. If his personality were even a bit kinder, the continent would likely have been torn apart by endless love affairs.

“Does he realize that staying away from social gatherings only fuels people’s curiosity? It means there are many who are eager to dig into his past.”

“What would they gain by doing that?”

“Who knows? It depends on what they find. It could be something trivial, like being used in a petty love game, or something much bigger…”

 After a brief pause, Camille muttered as if talking to himself, “It could be leveraged politically.”

Then, he shrugged lightly and continued in a casual tone, “But the Marquis is not one to be easily manipulated, so as far as I know, no one has succeeded in that regard. It’s like he’s become an unspoken, untouchable piece of fine art at this point. The kind of rare, beautiful sculpture that only a select few powerful people could ever display in their home.”

“It’s not a good thing to treat a person like a sculpture.”

“Well, the Marquis doesn’t even treat people like sculptures.”

“Maybe… maybe he’s just shy around strangers.”

Even as Liv said it, she knew it was a ridiculous notion. Still, she cautiously spoke up in his defense. Perhaps it was because of the secret bond she’d formed with him? She didn’t want to hear anyone speak ill of the Marquis.

Whether Camille believed she was genuinely clueless or not, he simply smiled and shook his head.

“From what I’ve heard, he has an extreme psychological condition that makes him hate touching anyone. He avoids handshakes and even finds it difficult to hold conversations for too long. I’ve never heard of any noble dining at the same table with him. That’s why everyone was so surprised when rumors spread that Baron Pendence had formed a friendship with the Marquis.”

Camille’s gaze shifted toward the mansion. Squinting, he studied it before tilting his head slightly and saying, “But from what I can tell, that rumor seems to be untrue.”

His voice was surprisingly serious as he spoke softly. Then, he looked back at Liv with a mischievous smile.

“Pretend you didn’t hear me say any of this.”

“Of course.”

Liv herself had felt early on that the Marquis displayed an unexpectedly fastidious demeanor. However, by now, he no longer acted particularly fussy around her. While Camille said the Marquis disliked physical contact… Liv had kissed him on the lips.

So the claim about a psychological condition seemed exaggerated—it was more likely that he simply had a sensitive personality. If it were truly a mental disorder, he wouldn’t have kissed her so deeply, even using his tongue…

Liv quickly diverted her gaze, trying to shake off the persistent memory of that day. To distract herself, she focused intently on the garden’s flowerbed.

The flowerbed, illuminated by the lights, exuded a mysterious atmosphere. It made sense why Camille had specifically mentioned this place. If their conversation had been a bit more romantic, the mood could have easily turned appropriate for it.

As Liv stubbornly continued to stare at the flowerbed, Camille suddenly spoke again, “Oh, I’ve also heard something else.”

Liv gave him a curious look, and Camille casually continued, “Since he can’t be found in any social gatherings, some say he might be a former military officer. But at least from what I know, there’s no record of that. Records of officers above a certain rank are not easily accessible, though.”

A military officer.

Now that she thought about it, Million had mentioned something similar before. Million had said there were rumors that the Marquis was skilled in killing because he was once an officer.

Suddenly, Liv remembered the image of the thug who had collapsed after being shot. And she heard the Marquis’s voice, calmly admitting that he was the one who had fired the gun.

Even recalling how he had handled the shotgun during the hunt, it was clear he wasn’t a stranger to firearms.

 

“Sometimes, there’s unavoidable killing that has to be done, Teacher.”

 

Perhaps the Marquis really had been an officer. Perhaps one with considerable combat experience.

“It’s said that his supposed psychological issues might stem from his military service, and I find that somewhat convincing.”

“But it’s not right to label someone with a disorder based on mere speculation. Health is a sensitive issue that shouldn’t be carelessly discussed.”

“You’re right.”

Though Liv dismissed Camille’s claims as speculation, part of her couldn’t help but take his words to heart. They resonated with some of what she’d seen and heard herself.

If he had been an officer, what army had he served in? Given his arrogant attitude, it was unlikely that he had held a low rank.

Could he have led his own troops? What would he have looked like in uniform? Surely, he must have looked very dashing.

If he had been a high-ranking officer, he must have been quite popular. So why was he single? How had he ended up settling in such a rural town?

Any able-bodied man could aspire to be a regular soldier, but becoming an officer was different. To become an officer, one had to graduate from a military academy—and enrolling in such an academy required a hefty sponsorship fee.

As a result, it was often second or third sons of noble families, those who wouldn’t inherit the family estate, who became officers. Of course, there were a few rare cases of people getting in purely through merit, but honestly, such cases were so few they might as well not exist.

Since the cadets were of noble status, the academy itself was a kind of aristocratic society. Even if someone from a lower status managed to enter the academy with a large sponsorship, their future could be determined before they even graduated, depending on whether they caught the eye of someone powerful.

If he graduated from the academy and became an officer, and if he held a rank high enough to make his records inaccessible, it meant he must have had an extraordinary background.

Liv, overwhelmed by her insatiable curiosity, heard Camille’s voice break into her thoughts.

“You seem to be quite interested in the Marquis. Have you always been this curious?”

Her chain of curiosity was abruptly broken. Liv took a deep breath, trying to calm herself, and responded in an even tone, “I think I was just left with a strong impression after seeing him from a distance at Million’s birthday party.”

“Ah, I see.”

Camille didn’t seem convinced, but he didn’t press the matter further. That made Liv feel uneasy. Perhaps because she was harboring a guilty secret, she found herself paying more attention to his reaction.

Liv fidgeted with her hands, unable to bear the silence, and eventually spoke up, “You, on the other hand, seem to know quite a lot, Teacher Marcel. It’s hard to believe you’re just an ordinary art teacher.”

“This is just the kind of information anyone could pick up if they listened carefully.”

As always, Camille responded lightly, but Liv no longer accepted his words at face value.

“Seeking out information directly is much more proactive than just listening, isn’t it?”

Camille had admitted himself that he had looked into whether the Marquis was a former military officer. At Liv’s pointed comment, he raised an eyebrow. Realizing his slip of the tongue, he gave her a vague smile.

“…Oh, you’re quite sharp.”

Camille rubbed the back of his neck with a troubled expression, as if he had more to say. But Liv spoke first.

“It may have been a bothersome request, but thank you for sharing your thoughts.”

People who had been walking near the garden entrance were now heading back into the mansion one by one.

Seeing them, Liv decided it was time to return as well and turned to go, but Camille suddenly called out to her.

“Teacher Rodaise.”

Camille’s brows furrowed slightly as he gave her a hesitant smile. He seemed to be debating something before cautiously speaking up, “You shouldn’t be too interested in the Marquis.”

His tone was entirely different from the light, teasing way he usually spoke. Liv realized he was giving her sincere advice.

Liv looked at Camille with a puzzled expression, tilting her head. “Why not?”

At her question, Camille’s frown deepened. He hesitated for a moment before finally averting his gaze and replying, “Well, I think you’re a good person.”

“Excuse me?”

Liv couldn’t understand what he meant.

She asked him again, but instead of explaining, Camille rubbed his forehead and sighed.

“I guess this is how it feels to watch a friend head down a bad path.”

“What do you mean by that…?”

“If there’s anything I can help with, please let me know. You might not trust me much right now, but maybe, in a pinch, I could provide the answer you need.”

There was something vaguely unsettling in his words, but Liv couldn’t tell if Camille meant anything bad by them.

Puzzled by his ambiguous kindness, Liv eventually decided to step back.

“Thank you for the offer.”

Camille nodded without any hint of disappointment.

“We’ve spent too much time out here, haven’t we? We should head back.”

 



 

It was later than expected when Liv finally left the Pendence estate. She quickly made her way to the street where shared carriages gathered.

Despite the estate’s location in one of Buerno’s bustling areas, the streets were fairly empty now that darkness had settled in. That alone was enough to make Liv feel uneasy.

Pulling her shawl tighter around her shoulders to ward off the chill, Liv quickened her pace.

She was just about to reach the main road when—

Neigh!

She heard a horse snort from a dark alleyway nearby, followed by the sound of hooves pawing the ground.
Liv instinctively turned toward the sound and widened her eyes. Her busy legs came to an abrupt stop when she spotted a black carriage that had been hard to see in the dark.

The coachman, who met Liv’s eyes, tilted his hat as if to greet her.

…So this coachman was someone she knew, the one who usually took her to the Marquis.

“How… ?”

How could they run into each other in such a place by chance?

As Liv looked at the coachman in bewilderment, he motioned for her to come over. Glancing around to make sure no one was watching, Liv cautiously approached the carriage.

“Why are you here… ?”

Instead of answering, the coachman gestured toward the carriage.

Liv looked around again. There were a few passersby, but none seemed to take any interest in her.

After all, it was just an ordinary black carriage. Anyone who saw this scene would probably assume she had called for it herself.

After some hesitation, Liv carefully grabbed the carriage door handle.

Click.

Did the Marquis really instruct them to pick her up at this late hour? Wouldn’t it be better to meet tomorrow?

“……!”

Habitually sitting down, Liv hadn’t fully closed the door when she froze in place. She had assumed the carriage would be empty, but someone was sitting inside.

“…Marquis?”

The person sitting with his legs crossed, leaning back, was undoubtedly the Marquis. Seeing Liv’s startled expression, he gestured toward the door.

“Close the door first. There’s a small lamp on the ceiling that you can turn on.”

“Ah, yes.”

Hurriedly, Liv closed the door and lit the lamp. As the carriage brightened, the Marquis’s face became even clearer.

Taking a pocket watch out of his pocket, he checked the time and frowned slightly.

“You finished later than expected.”

His words made it sound as though he had been intentionally waiting for her.

“How did you end up here, Marquis?”

“I heard you were going out at the invitation of Baron Pendence.”

Perhaps he had sent the carriage to her home to call for her today. But even so, it didn’t explain why the Marquis was here in this black carriage near the Pendence estate.

“Was there something urgent?”

Unless it was extra work, there wasn’t really anything that could require her urgently. Seeing Liv’s bewildered expression, the Marquis spoke indifferently.

“I heard you were afraid of the dark streets, so after extra work, you were always taken home by carriage.”

Liv’s bewildered expression subtly changed. She understood he was referring to her journeys home after their extra work sessions.

“How were you planning to get home today?”

“I was going to take a shared carriage…”

“A shared carriage wouldn’t take you all the way to your doorstep.”

That was true. Even with a shared carriage, she would still have to walk from the station to her house. Though the distance wasn’t far, it was still worrying.

However, that was a concern Liv had to deal with herself—not something for the Marquis to interfere with.

Seeing the confusion on Liv’s face, the Marquis let out a faint scoff. He picked up the cane that was beside him and tapped it against the window to the coachman’s seat.

“Do you still see me as someone who doesn’t know how to escort a lady?”

“…Did you come to escort me?”

“What else would I be doing here, wasting time unnecessarily?”

Liv’s mouth opened involuntarily. It was hard to believe, but it was happening right before her eyes—there was no way not to believe it.

Meanwhile, the carriage started moving slowly at the Marquis’s signal. The destination was Liv’s home.

“Accepting a dinner invitation when you’re scared of dark streets—you’re more reckless than I thought.”

Liv, who had been sitting blankly, finally snapped back to her senses at his words.

“Meeting with parents informally is part of my job. Since it was the Pendence estate, I assumed you’d understand. I can make up for the missed extra work tomorrow if you’d like.”

“That’s for me to decide when I feel like it.”

Rejected outright, Liv unknowingly let her shoulders drop.

Come to think of it, the condition for extra work was always at the Marquis’s discretion.

She worried that avoiding the Marquis emotionally might jeopardize her extra work opportunities.

Lost in such worries, Liv naturally recalled why she had wanted to avoid the Marquis in the first place.

The kiss with the Marquis.

The memory made her face flush. Her earlier confusion at the Marquis’s sudden appearance gradually dissipated, replaced by a rising thrill.

Worried that her emotions might be visible on her face, Liv lowered her head and fixed her gaze on her lap. The Marquis didn’t seem inclined to speak to her further.

If she could just arrive home quietly and bid him a quick farewell, perhaps her emotions wouldn’t be discovered.

Fortunately, the distance between the Pendence estate and Liv’s home was short. What was usually a walking commute had been shortened further by the carriage ride.

As Liv felt the carriage gradually slow and come to a stop, she quickly spoke, “Thank you for bringing me home. Please take care getting back, and I’ll try not to schedule anything unexpectedly next time.”

Liv quickly said her piece and reached for the door handle. However, before she could open it, the Marquis suddenly asked a question.

“Did you review it well?”

The fingers gripping the door handle turned pale from the pressure.

Liv blinked in silence, then slowly turned to face the Marquis. He was still seated in the same upright position, watching her intently.

When Liv couldn’t answer, the Marquis narrowed his eyes. Tilting his head slightly, he gave her a faint smile before adding, “If you don’t remember, I can teach you again.”

His platinum hair, which always seemed to shine, shifted with the tilt of his head, and his blue eyes gleamed more mysteriously in the lamplight than usual.

But above all else, what drew her attention were his alluring lips.

Liv knew the feel of those lips.

“I…”

No.

A vivid warning blared in her mind. The bright red alarm told her to get out of the carriage immediately.

But she couldn’t move her hand from the door handle. All Liv could do was pant lightly, like a fish pulled out of water.

No!

The warning blared again, but a louder voice ignored it, whispering in her ear.

Why not?

“So…”

Liv, her lips trembling, swallowed dryly. She smelled the faint scent of a cigar, though there was no reason for it.

With her eyelashes fluttering, she managed to whisper a reply.

“…Teach me again.”

The Marquis’s faint smile deepened, and a hint of amusement appeared in his blue eyes.

“Correct answer.”

Liv finally released the pressure on the door handle.

 



 

The man was born on the streets.

His mother was an ordinary peasant woman. He had no father from birth, so it was natural that he lived alone with his mother. From a time the man couldn’t even remember, his mother had carried him around from place to place.

Their life, while unstable, wasn’t all that bad. After several failed attempts, mother and son settled in a neighborhood that wasn’t unkind to beautiful unmarried women. They managed to blend in relatively easily.

His mother was diligent and a loving parent who cared deeply for her son.

One vivid memory he had was of his mother praying in a small chapel in a rural village. She was one of the most devout believers in the village. Not only did she attend weekly services, but whenever she had time, she would take her son’s hand and visit the chapel’s prayer room.

For a young boy, it was an unbearably tedious time.

But he endured it. He liked watching his mother pray. She looked more peaceful and happy during those times than at any other. So he prayed to God to protect these peaceful days.

But God did not answer the young boy’s prayers.

When he turned seven, war broke out. Shells rained down on their village, destroying their home, and his mother was crushed under the rubble. Out running an errand for his mother, the boy narrowly escaped with his life and joined the other villagers fleeing in a panic.

Fortunately, they were able to return to the village soon after. Cries of anguish filled the air as people searched for their loved ones amidst the burned and collapsed remains.

The boy returned to his house as well. With his small frame, he couldn’t clear the wreckage, and it wasn’t until help arrived that he could properly see his mother’s body. Her once-beautiful platinum hair was scorched and tangled, her limbs covered in blood.

Yet, surprisingly, her face was peaceful.

It was as if she were still praying.

By the time all the bodies of the deceased villagers were recovered, clergy members were dispatched to the scene of sorrow. These were priests of quite high rank to be sent to such a rural area. They were there to recover the remains of the small chapel and the cleric who had served there, as well as to console the grieving villagers.

“Oh, Lord.”

“Guide these poor souls to your side!”

The priests gently patted the shoulders of the villagers, who were weeping and calling out to God.

Amidst them stood the boy, lost in a daze. He simply stayed beside his mother’s body, her eyes closed in peace.

One of the priests approached the boy. He was a young priest with striking blue eyes and a handsome face.

 “You are…”

The priest simply stared at the man without reciting scripture or weeping in lamentation like the others. Kneeling on one knee to meet the man’s gaze, the priest observed him for a long time before turning his eyes toward the man’s mother. The priest’s clean, white hand gently caressed the cheek of the mother, which had turned dark and pale in death.

“Why make such a choice?”

The priest’s murmuring, almost as if speaking to himself, was vague. Yet the man somehow felt he understood the implied meaning. It was as if the priest had realized something by looking at him, without needing to say it aloud.

The man’s mother had not been praying to God. She had been waiting—for the person standing before him.

She had faced her death, fully confident that she would finally meet the person she had been waiting for, hence the peaceful expression on her face.

The priest belatedly offered a prayer for the mother’s repose before extending his hand to the man. Since it was common for priests to take care of war orphans, no one found it unusual. It appeared that the priest had quite a favorable position within the church, as he provided reasonable support for the man.

The war raged on in various regions, even at that moment, and for someone from an unstable background, the fastest way to succeed was to take up arms.

Fortunately, the man was quite capable. From almost eking out a living as the son of a rural peasant, he managed to enroll in the military academy.

“The death that pervades this land shall be your salvation.”

Upon seeing the acceptance letter, the priest spoke those words.

“If this is your fate, do your best. Rewards befitting a shining position will surely follow. It is beyond doubt that God has entrusted you to me.”

On that day, the man learned just how ambitious the priest’s aspirations were—and why he had not appeared before his mother until that moment.

The man, who had inherited his mother’s extraordinary beauty, realized that his essence was much closer to his father’s.

 



 

The painting work was temporarily suspended.

On the surface, it was due to the painter’s health. The painter, known as Brad, sighed in relief when the Marquis readily accepted his flimsy excuse. It seemed he genuinely believed that he was held in deep trust.

Daaemon could tell that Brad, whose shallow nature he had recognized immediately, was truly a mess if he felt relieved in a situation that would have otherwise aroused some suspicion.

After all, it must have been quite a fire lit under him.

Daaemon threw the report detailing Brad’s activities onto the desk.

“Foolish indeed.”

His aide, Charles, who had submitted the report, spoke in a worried tone, “He might run off in the middle of the night before the contract expires.”

“Let him. Saves us the trouble of getting involved.”

Daaemon had many people like Brad around him—people who, after just a meeting or two, acted as if they were very close to him.

Usually, what such people desired was quite similar.

Daaemon ’s wealth, his appearance, or the impressive aura and connections he seemed to have.

Brad was the same. On the day Daaemon first met him, it wasn’t difficult to figure him out.

Honestly, it wasn’t even something worth worrying about. Brad was a man who, despite repeatedly failing at art exhibitions, couldn’t accept his lack of talent and stubbornly wasted his time. Moreover, he enjoyed drinking and gambling, which made it easy to lure him in with money.

And, above all, he wasn’t someone with any real loyalty. As soon as there was a chance to sell his paintings periodically, he broke his promise to Liv and even tried to draw her face somehow.

Perhaps the reason he had kept the identity of his nude model a secret thus far wasn’t because he was loyal but because he knew there was no one else who would pose for his work but Liv, given his lack of skill.

“Are you not going to take any action?”

“Why should I?”

The group Brad was involved with was not one to be taken lightly. Even without Daaemon ’s intervention, they would never let Brad be.

After encouraging him to borrow money, they would use whatever means necessary to get it back—even if those means were excessively brutal.

“Did you relay the message?”

Receiving Daaemon ’s gaze, Adolf quickly responded.

“Yes, but…”

It was Adolf who had informed Liv about the temporary suspension of Brad’s work. It wasn’t originally his task, but he had been chosen as the most trustworthy person to deliver the news to Liv.

“She seemed worried that if the work were completely halted, she wouldn’t be able to retrieve the promised painting.”

At Adolf’s words, Daaemon raised an eyebrow.

“Ah, the painting.”

Recalling the nude painting he had hung in the basement, Daaemon remained silent for a moment.

Honestly… he never intended to return that painting in the first place. Though a contract had been signed, rendering it void would be an easy task.

“Hasn’t she given up on it yet?”

He had thought she had completely forgotten about the painting.

Her initial desire to retrieve it had stemmed from concerns that it might hinder her work as a tutor. And she had taken up that work to care for her ill younger sister and fulfill her duties as the head of her family—the same reasons for her work as a nude model.

Ultimately, it all came down to money, a problem Daaemon had already addressed by providing extra work opportunities.

So, even if her job as a tutor was at risk, what issue could possibly arise now?

Retrieving the painting at this point held no meaning.

“I’ll address that separately.”

He had been planning to summon her soon anyway. Their kiss had pleased him more than expected, and there was no sense of repulsion whatsoever.

Considering how repulsive he usually found contact with others, this feeling toward her was clearly exceptional and special. Something rare was meant to be seized quickly.

If her bare skin and the exchange of saliva weren’t unpleasant, wouldn’t more be possible?

Of course, Daaemon expected that she wouldn’t reject him either. The distance she had so carefully maintained had vanished the moment she couldn’t bring herself to get out of the carriage.

Recalling her moving toward him willingly, the reluctance he had felt began to fade.

“If you like her so much, why not just keep her by your side?”

Charles, who had been listening to the conversation between Adolf and Daaemon with a curious expression, cautiously shared his opinion. Adolf also looked at Daaemon , seemingly in agreement.

Daaemon glanced at his subordinates before nonchalantly picking up a cigar.

“The more valuable a masterpiece is, the more it deserves to be appropriately compensated.”

To possess a work of art meant recognizing its value, acknowledging it, and treating it accordingly.

“Only then can it truly be ‘owned.’”

Liv was too precious to be experienced indirectly through Brad’s lacking skills. Unlike the pitiful figure she had presented, her true self was quite impressive.

Her body, though appearing slightly thin, had just the right curves, and her unexpectedly flawless skin was just a secondary matter. What captivated Daaemon most was her face.

Especially those sorrowful green eyes. Looking as if they might burst into tears at any moment, her gaze was surprisingly composed. Though she seemed ready to break at any second, there was something intriguing about her resilience that made him want to keep pushing her.

And when that steely facade cracked, he liked it immensely.

Merely stripping her naked hadn’t revealed that true face. While it required some effort, it had been worthwhile—he found it rewarding enough.

It even added some vitality to an otherwise monotonous life.

“If all you have is her body, she’s no different from any other sculpture.”

“Do you want her heart as well?” Charles asked, his voice raised in surprise. Considering how many pleas Daaemon had received over the years to accept people’s hearts, it seemed astonishing that he was now taking such action.

Daaemon didn’t bother to respond.

Adolf, quietly observing, frowned slightly. He knew better than anyone what Daaemon was doing to keep Liv by his side, and he seemed unable to help worrying.

“If it turns out that she only clings to your affection and love… she will be just like everyone else.”

And that was one of the things Daaemon detested the most—people crying, begging, and demanding his attention. It was precisely because of that he had resorted to paintings and sculptures instead.

“She’s a living person, unlike those pieces of art… she needs a different kind of attention.”

Daaemon understood Adolf’s point perfectly.

“That’s rather dull.”

Daaemon muttered as if speaking to himself. He wanted to see Liv’s vulnerability, but if abandoning her pride and clinging meant begging for something as insignificant as love or attention, he’d be terribly disappointed. After all, there were far more valuable things in this world.

Liv was an intelligent woman; she should be able to discern as much.

“She knows her place well enough to understand how she should behave if she wants to stay by my side.”

“If she doesn’t behave appropriately…”

Perhaps because Adolf had interacted with Liv more often, he seemed to have developed some sympathy for her.

Daaemon shot Adolf an irritated look. Realizing he had overstepped, Adolf winced.

“There’s no need to keep a piece that has lost its value. You’ll handle it then, Adolf. That’s why we drafted a contract, after all.”

Adolf bowed his head. Despite his obedience, Daaemon , already displeased, irritably motioned for his attendants to leave.

Left alone in his office, Daaemon lit a cigar, recalling Adolf’s words.

If Liv Rodaise didn’t behave appropriately…

If she turned out to be as tedious as everyone else…

Just the thought of it bored him.

Ideally, that wouldn’t happen, but if it did, Daaemon ’s reaction was already determined.

One of the virtues of a collector was the discernment to know when to discard what was no longer worth keeping.

 Today, Brad’s studio door was firmly locked again.

Liv stared at the locked door with a troubled expression before lowering her shoulders and turning away.

 

“The painting work will be suspended for the time being. It seems the artist’s health is in very poor condition.”

 

Adolf, who had come to inform her of the suspension of the nude painting work, said as much. However, Liv couldn’t quite believe that Brad’s health had deteriorated. It was also hard to believe that the Marquis accepted that explanation.

Though the Marquis had been lenient with Liv up until now, she knew that his attitude was quite unusual. No matter how one looked at it, the Marquis was not gentle by nature, nor was he the kind of person to be attentive to the health of a poor artist. More likely, he was just watching to see how far things would go, biding his time.

She wanted to meet Brad and at least warn him, but the studio showed no signs of opening for several days. Uncollected mail was piling up haphazardly beneath the studio door.

What was the last conversation she’d had with him?

‘A businessman…’

Right, he had said he met a businessman who promised to hold an exhibition for him in the capital. Liv had advised him to cut ties with that person, and Brad had gotten angry in response. Could it be that something happened to him because of that?

Liv descended the stairs with a worried expression, her steps slow and heavy, just as she was about to take another step—

“Who are you?”

A sharp voice called out from right beside her. Liv turned reflexively toward the source of the voice.

“Pardon?”

“I asked who you are. That’s my husband’s studio.”

A woman with sharp, upturned eyes glared at Liv suspiciously. Liv, who had been looking at the woman with a puzzled expression, soon realized that she was Brad’s wife. Perhaps she was there to pick up the mail piling up outside the studio?

Brad’s wife, who was short and plump, placed her hands on her hips and approached Liv with brisk steps.

“I asked who you are.”

Faced with her aggressive demeanor, as if she was ready to grab her by the hair at any moment, Liv blurted out her answer without thinking.

“I’m, um, Mr. Brad’s work partner.”

“Work partner?”

The disbelief on the woman’s face was evident. Knowing her husband’s abilities, she didn’t seem to believe that Brad could have a proper work partner.

Of course, Liv couldn’t admit to being a model. All the paintings Brad had done using her as a model were nudes.

Liv quickly added an explanation, thinking fast, “I provide Mr. Brad with art supplies and materials.”

Technically speaking, it wasn’t entirely untrue. Liv had been the reason Brad ended up working in the Marquis’s mansion. If she insisted, she could claim that she had indirectly provided the art supplies.

…Probably.

“Art supplies?”

“Yes. As you know, art supplies are extremely important to an artist. That’s why I always make sure to handle such transactions carefully.”

The woman scrutinized Liv from head to toe with suspicious eyes before crossing her arms and replying curtly, “So why are you here at the studio?”

Although she seemed unconvinced, she appeared willing to let it slide for now.

Liv sighed in relief internally and spoke quickly, “I was supposed to deliver some materials, but I haven’t been able to see him for quite a while. Since I received no notice, the sudden loss of contact has caused some issues with the transaction.”

The woman’s expression hardened as she sharply responded to Liv’s words, “Hah… Did that guy put it on credit again?”

Judging by her reaction, it seemed this wasn’t the first time Brad had struggled with debts. Liv quickly waved her hands, concerned that the woman might start hurling curses at any moment.

“No, it’s not on credit. It’s just that there’s a set delivery schedule. If the dates get pushed back, it affects other transactions too.”

Liv was sweating nervously as she made up the explanation, but fortunately, her expression seemed convincing enough.

The woman’s tone softened slightly as she replied gruffly, “I don’t know what you were supposed to deliver, but he won’t be coming around for a while. You’d better take care of your other transactions first.”

“He’s not coming around?”

“No.”

It seemed that nothing terrible had happened, judging by her reaction. That was a relief, but Liv still couldn’t simply wait around, clueless.

“Do you know why?”

Liv glanced toward the studio door before forcing a smile and speaking, “I need to report back, after all. I need to know the exact reason to handle the transaction smoothly.”

Although Liv wasn’t familiar with how merchants conducted their affairs, she knew they wouldn’t abruptly suspend regular transactions without a good reason.

Seemingly convinced by Liv’s quick thinking, the woman reluctantly replied, “He went to the capital.”

“The capital?”

Liv’s eyes widened in surprise at the unexpected answer.

“Yes. He’s planning to hold an exhibition there, so he went to check the reserved exhibition hall. Since he’ll need art supplies to continue painting, the transaction shouldn’t be canceled.”

Liv barely managed to suppress a sigh.

“Oh, I see. Alright.”

It was clear that this woman had no idea that the exhibition hall’s rental fee was supposed to come out of Brad’s own pocket. The news that Brad had decided to take the businessman’s offer left Liv feeling uneasy.

Should she tell the woman the truth?

But she wasn’t sure if it was right to interfere in someone else’s family matters and create discord for no reason.

Unaware of Liv’s inner turmoil, the woman suddenly narrowed her eyes.

“But didn’t that guy tell you about the exhibition? He must’ve been bragging about it everywhere.”

Indeed, if Brad was true to his character, he would have boasted about his exhibition to anyone who would listen. Liv nodded in agreement.

“I vaguely heard about it, but it didn’t seem finalized.”

It wasn’t Brad but the woman in front of her who was keeping the household afloat. The more trouble Brad caused, the greater the burden on his wife.

Liv, who knew better than anyone how financial hardship could drain a person, found it difficult to ignore her unease.

Liv finally decided to speak, but before she could, the woman waved her hand dismissively, changing the topic.

“That’s how it is. Anyway, you said you were delivering art supplies, right? Where’s your shop? I’d like to see a receipt.”

The woman gave Liv a skeptical look, and Liv froze with embarrassment.

“Pardon? Ah, we only deal in small quantities… It’s all done privately, so we haven’t set up a shop yet. I don’t have the receipt with me right now, but could I bring it next time?”

“When will you be back?”

It seemed the woman still had her doubts. After all, Liv didn’t exactly look the part of a merchant.

Liv put on a reassuring smile, one she had practiced during her work as a tutor.

“Once the studio opens, I’ll deliver it directly to Mr. Brad.”

“Hmph. That guy might not bring it properly, so just send it by mail.”

The woman knew Brad’s nature all too well. Liv nodded while maintaining her smile, and then coughed awkwardly before cautiously speaking again.

“By the way, ma’am, from what I’ve heard… the exhibition hall fee—that was supposed to be paid by, um, Mr. Brad, wasn’t it? Or am I mistaken?”

The woman’s expression immediately changed.

“What?”

“Since there’s an upcoming exhibition, it seems like everything worked out. Congratulations.”

The more Liv spoke, the more the woman’s face hardened before twisting into a grimace. As if she had just realized something, her expression darkened, and she let out a string of angry curses.

Forgetting to give Liv an address for the receipt, the woman muttered a hasty farewell before quickly turning away. She left in such a rush that she was practically running, and Liv watched her disappear with a deep sigh.

Liv wasn’t sure if she’d done the right thing, but she hoped Brad would come to his senses. Rather than getting swayed by the ridiculous lies of that businessman, it would be far more productive for him to finish the Marquis’s painting as soon as possible.

 



 

“Turn back.”

“Pardon?”

The coachman, who had assumed he would be taking Liv, peered into the carriage in confusion. Daaemon , who had been gazing out of the window with the curtain pulled back by the tip of his cane, withdrew his gaze with an indifferent expression.

“Turn the carriage around.”

It was as capricious a decision as when he had insisted on personally fetching Liv. Nonetheless, the coachman wordlessly obeyed, pulling the reins.

From afar, the coachman glimpsed Liv walking away, unaware of the black carriage. He glanced at her retreating figure before turning the carriage around as ordered.

The black carriage left the city of Buerno as swiftly as it had entered.

 



 

Adolf was unmarried.

Thus, the story about having a sick daughter that he had told Liv was a blatant lie.

Normally, Adolf didn’t enjoy lying, but at that time, he had no other choice. He had known full well that Liv would never have opened up to him if he hadn’t said something like that.

Ever since he began working under the Marquis, there were times when Adolf had to do things he didn’t want to, and lying to Liv had felt no different.

But unlike usual, this particular lie weighed on him more heavily.

Especially whenever he ran into Corida.

“How old is your daughter, mister?”

Inventing a nonexistent sick daughter was giving Adolf a headache. Reading a law book would have been more relaxing.

He wasn’t a creative person, nor was he very imaginative. If he exaggerated too much, he might not be able to keep up with his own lies later, so he couldn’t afford to make any reckless fabrications.

 “She’s about the same age as you, Miss Corida.”

Today, he had come to meet Liv, but the only person home was Corida.

Corida, who repeatedly apologized, saying she couldn’t invite him inside due to her sister’s wishes, instead brought out some tea. Thanks to her, Adolf was being served tea in the yard.

“Is your daughter unable to go to school as well? It must be so boring staying home all the time. She can come over, and we could play together!”

“…She’s attending school now. It was something she suffered from when she was younger.”

At those words, Corida exclaimed loudly. “Wow, then she’s all better now? Did the doctor who treated me also treat her?”

“Not exactly…”

Finding it difficult to continue speaking about a daughter who didn’t exist, Adolf decided to change the subject. After all, he had been thinking that one day, he’d need to have a conversation with Corida.

“More importantly, Miss Corida, have you ever thought about wanting to go to school?”

In response to Adolf’s question, Corida pouted. “I can’t go to school.”

Corida couldn’t even leave the house without her sister. Naturally, attending school was an impossible dream. Judging by her circumstances, she hadn’t recovered at all but was probably living each day just praying that her condition wouldn’t worsen.

Adolf, who could easily guess that much, continued speaking as if he knew nothing.

“Once you’re healthy, that is. Dr. Gertrude is an excellent doctor, and she’ll soon help you become healthy. Wouldn’t it be nice to keep that in mind now?”

“…Once I’m healthy?”

Corida widened her eyes and fell into thought for a moment before she spoke, as if recalling something.

“My parents were artisans. They were so skilled that even high-ranking nobles sought them out. I don’t know much, but according to my sister, they were truly amazing.”

Speaking lightly, Corida suddenly leaned toward Adolf. Narrowing her eyes, she whispered in a secretive tone, “I want to have great skills like my parents too. Then, with those skills, I could take on commissions from nobles and become rich.”

Adolf instinctively guessed that Liv probably didn’t know about Corida’s true feelings. Corida wouldn’t have been able to open up about such feelings to her overprotective sister.

However, Adolf had once suggested to Corida, “It’s not good to stay inside too much. You should at least take a walk in the yard.” Of course, Corida probably thought Adolf understood her better than Liv did.

Adolf’s eyes gleamed for a moment before he put on a composed expression and asked, “Skills, you say… Have you thought of anything in particular?”

“Hmm, embroidery sounds nice, woodworking would be great too, and working with leather seems like it would be fun.”

Corida’s eyes sparkled as she folded her fingers one by one. She must have imagined it countless times in her mind.

Adolf smiled at her. “I doubt Miss Rodaise would approve.”

“Oh, you’re right…”

The sparkle vanished from Corida’s eyes.

Adolf took a sip of his tea and, glancing at Corida, spoke casually, “But if your parents were renowned artisans, then surely you have some talent as well.”

“Do you really think so?”

“Yes. The Berryworth mansion has many books on the subject, so the next time we visit, we could take a closer look together and see what interests you. Narrowing down the options would help in forming a more concrete plan.”

Regardless of what was written in Corida’s medical chart, the treatment would proceed. Given the upcoming treatment sessions, the Berryworth mansion would be a place Corida frequently visited.

Corida, who had been staring blankly, furrowed her brows. “But studying costs money, doesn’t it?”

Corida had witnessed firsthand how Liv worked tirelessly, day and night, to provide for their household. She was even the reason Liv had to work so hard. Burdened as she already was by her fragile health, Corida couldn’t imagine adding to the financial strain by insisting on studying.

Understanding Corida’s concern, Adolf gave her a gentle smile. The conversation was progressing more smoothly than he had anticipated.

“That’s why the patronage system exists—to support talented individuals who can’t afford to pursue their abilities due to financial constraints. If you find the right patron, Miss Corida, you can study whatever you wish without burdening your sister.”

“A patron?”

“Yes. Truly exceptional craftsmanship is akin to art, and finding a patron for it is entirely possible. Many people are eager to support such skills, and Mazurkan, in particular, is well known for that. It’s a country where many renowned artisans go to study, and it’s also known for its excellent security.”

Though Corida was mostly homebound, she at least knew the names of neighboring countries. Therefore, instead of asking where Mazurkan was, she wore a distressed expression and shook her head.

“Mazurkan is far away.”

“But they have a solid curriculum. If you’re going to study, wouldn’t it be better to do it in a secure place like that? If you’re truly passionate about craftsmanship, that is.”

Corida’s eyes widened. Though she didn’t immediately respond, it was clear from her expression that her mind was filled with thoughts.

“Actually, since we’re on the topic, I’ll give you a hint: I know someone in Mazurkan. He’s very dedicated to training artisans. If you’re interested, I could introduce you.”

What Adolf said was true. Though Mazurkan was farther away than their neighboring country Torsten, it was famous for its highly developed craftsmanship and its renowned artisans. And Adolf, who had reliable connections across various countries, had good contacts in Mazurkan as well.

If Corida were genuinely interested in craftsmanship, Adolf could introduce her to a suitable patron. If Corida’s talent was enough for her to be accepted into Mazurkan’s specialized school, she could grow into an artisan who would be highly regarded wherever she went.

“But first, of course, you’ll need to get better. So please follow Dr. Gertrude’s treatment plan.”

Upon Adolf’s request, Corida smiled brightly. She nodded vigorously and answered energetically.

“Yes!”

Seeing Corida’s hopeful face, Adolf felt an uncharacteristic pang of guilt growing within him. He silently prayed to himself.

I’ll really do my best to introduce her to a good patron, so please recover soon and leave your sister’s side without any issues.

And may this awkward situation be resolved quickly.

 



 

When Liv returned home, Corida and Adolf were chatting like close friends.

“Oh? Sister!”

“Why are you outside… Mr. Adolf?”

Liv, who had opened the gate tiredly, widened her eyes when she saw Adolf. Adolf immediately stood up with a smile.

“I heard you would be returning soon, so I decided to wait.”

“He has something for you, Sister!”

Liv looked back and forth between Corida and Adolf with a bewildered expression, tilting her head in confusion. Adolf wasted no time, handing over what he had brought.

It was a document envelope.

“I brought this directly from Dr. Gertrude. Naturally, I didn’t read its contents. The master is also unaware of the details.”

Realizing that Adolf was handing her Corida’s medical report, Liv stiffened as she accepted the envelope. The seal at the top of the envelope was intact, clearly indicating that it had not been opened.

Adolf, observing Liv quietly as she stared at the envelope, continued speaking in a calm tone, “The doctor said she’ll proceed in whatever way Miss Rodaise prefers.”

“Whatever way I prefer, meaning what exactly?”

“Whatever you choose.”

To Liv, his response sounded vague and uncertain. She simply remained silent before eventually nodding. Adolf, having completed his task, smiled gently and bid farewell.

“Then I’ll be on my way. Thank you for keeping me company while I waited, Miss Corida.”

“Yes, take care!”

With Corida seeing him off, Adolf turned and left. Corida, who closed the gate in Liv’s stead, hovered around her sister’s side. Just from knowing that it had come from Dr. Gertrude, Corida could guess what was in the document envelope.

“That’s my medical report, right? Huh?”

“Yes, I think so.”

Liv sighed as she answered, then began walking toward the house. Corida followed closely behind, chattering away.

“Let’s open it quickly. Huh?”

“What do you think is written in here?”

“Something must be.”

Corida, who had been so anxious before the examination, now seemed to have forgotten her fear, her curiosity evident.

Seeing her innocent expression as she looked at the envelope, Liv asked with a sigh, “Aren’t you scared that it might say something bad?”

“The lady doctor is supposed to be really skilled. That’s what Adolf said earlier.”

Liv wasn’t sure how to feel about Corida getting close to Adolf. He didn’t seem like a bad person, but… what was the use of worrying about it?

Liv shook her head. Since Adolf was the Marquis’s aide, she would inevitably see him often—better to be on friendly terms than distant if they had to meet frequently.

“It’s just a medical report. Treatment hasn’t even started yet.”

“Then we can start treatment depending on the results, right?”

Unlike the always-worried Liv, Corida remained optimistic. When Liv silently stared at her, Corida belatedly frowned and asked, “Did they say they won’t help with the treatment? Was it just an examination?”

 “No, that’s not it.”

A while ago, Adolf had told Liv, “We’ll proceed in whatever  way you prefer.” Technically, he was relaying the words of the Marquis, but still. Those words meant they would support Corida in any way to help her regain her health.

Unless her condition was beyond recovery, Corida truly had a chance to be completely cured this time. It was an opportunity not to be missed.

“I just think you’re braver than me,” Liv murmured.

Corida, who somehow managed to hear Liv’s muttering, pouted. “I’m not brave; it’s just that I’m not worried because you’re here, Sister.”

It was a baseless trust, born from the belief that as long as Liv was by her side, everything would work out somehow.

Yes, Corida trusted her to this extent—Liv couldn’t afford to hesitate any longer. She calmly tore open the envelope.

The report was longer than expected. Liv had thought it would be brief, but it contained a surprisingly detailed diagnosis of Corida’s overall condition.

It included her current health status, the cause of her symptoms, the potential complications if left untreated, the effects of her current medication, and the limits of its efficacy.

“What does it say?”

Corida, unable to get through the endless lines of text, quickly gave up. She seemed to be waiting for Liv to read and interpret it for her.

Liv, without responding to Corida’s question, read through the document in silence until she reached the final page.

“Sister?”

It was only after Liv had absorbed every word, down to the last period, that she realized she had been holding her breath out of tension. She exhaled deeply and turned her gaze to Corida.

“To summarize, it’s not an incurable disease.”

“Really?”

“Yes, there’s even a chance of a near-complete recovery.”

According to the report, Corida’s illness was named “Scurvyberry.” The name had only been coined within the last three years, and research was still ongoing. However, the report explained that depending on the progression of the illness, it could be treated to the point of near recovery.

“It seems the medication you’ve been taking wasn’t completely useless.”

The report also stated that she should bring her current medication to the next appointment. It suggested reviewing her lifestyle and dietary habits comprehensively.

It warned that without treatment, the condition could worsen and become fatal, and that the medication she was taking merely slowed the progression of the illness.

As Liv had feared, Corida’s current condition meant that even a small shock could easily fracture her bones, and she was more prone to bleeding than others. The report recommended starting treatment immediately, as Corida likely wouldn’t be able to endure even half a day of normal activities.

“Your body is indeed weak. So even if you feel well, you shouldn’t overexert yourself.”

“Ugh, really?”

Liv kindly pointed out the sentences to the disappointed Corida, who lowered her shoulders and looked at the report with a crestfallen expression.

“Still, it’s a relief that it’s not an incurable disease.”

“Do you think I’ll really get better?”

“Mr. Adolf said so, didn’t he? He said the doctor is very skilled.”

Compared to the past, when doctors had simply suggested drawing blood, this report seemed highly reliable. It noted even the minor symptoms that Corida hadn’t mentioned during the examination. At least it correctly identified the disease.

Of course, considering that the disease had only been named less than three years ago, it wasn’t surprising that the quack doctors who had examined her in the past hadn’t recognized it.

“You will get better, Corida.”

Liv had always spoken of uncertain hopes, but this time she could say it with conviction.

Corida would recover. It felt as though all the worries and anxieties had finally lifted.

 



 

When Liv first did the extra work, she had been so tense and rigid that Daaemon had worried she might shatter at the slightest touch. He still remembered her comically stiff demeanor back then.

Now, seeing Liv unable to hide her excitement was a fascinating change. It seemed that her sister’s medical results were good.

Of course, even apart from that issue, Liv no longer stiffened in Daaemon ’s presence. Her emotions had become more varied, more expressive.

“Since it was you who introduced me to the doctor, Marquis, I thought it would be appropriate to show this to you.”

Liv cautiously handed over the medical report, a faint blush on her face.

Daaemon wasn’t particularly interested in the report’s content, but he took it without hesitation. He skimmed the lengthy details and nodded indifferently.

“Dr. Gertrude does not visit anywhere but the Dietrion estate. Therefore, you will continue the treatment here.”

“Thank you. And Mr. Adolf mentioned the medical fees…”

“The doctor is already my personal doctor, so there’s no need.”

Liv hesitated, her lips closing at Daaemon ’s blunt response. Watching her reaction, Daaemon tossed the report onto the table and asked, “Unless you insist on being charged?”

Was it a habit formed by years of living with so little money? Despite saying she would accept anything, Liv seemed reluctant to accept any financial support without reason.

He remembered how she had refused a ruby necklace in the past and how she still paid rent on the hastily arranged house.

She accepted the introduction to the doctor, but disliked the idea of having her medical expenses covered.

Daaemon could easily guess her thoughts. She didn’t want to be explicitly reminded that she was being pitied. She had too much pride to beg like a beggar—she would rather earn money, even by selling her body.

“Are you concerned that a few coins for medical expenses would be a burden to me?”

“…Of course not.”

“Money comes and goes. Accepting some free money won’t drastically change your life.”

Liv quietly lowered her gaze. Though she seemed to agree outwardly, Daaemon knew she wasn’t truly convinced.

Pressing a finger to his temple, Daaemon looked at Liv with a crooked gaze before twisting his lips.

“If you’re that uncomfortable, entertain me. Consider that as compensation.”

“How?”

“Why ask me that? You should figure it out, Teacher.”

Just when he thought everything had crumbled, Daaemon realized that there was still a solid part of Liv’s inner self.

He found it increasingly dull.

He detested those who gave in too easily, but even when he invested effort, he disliked those who remained stubborn. It wasn’t that he lacked patience—he simply saw no reason to endure unnecessary resistance.

Liv seemed to notice Daaemon ’s indifferent expression.

She hesitated for a moment, wearing a troubled expression, before glancing toward the door. Today’s meeting was originally scheduled for extra work, and so only she and Daaemon were in the room.

Seeing that the door was locked, Liv grabbed the ribbon of her neatly tied collar. The thin, cheap satin ribbon came undone with a soft sound.

During her extra work, Liv had always waited until Daaemon told her to “undress.” That action was an unspoken rule that defined all of these moments as “extra work.” But now, she wasn’t waiting for Daaemon ’s command—she was taking off her clothes of her own accord.

She hesitated while untying the ribbon and undoing the first button, but with a deep breath, she began to undress more assertively.

The caraco and petticoat fell to the floor, one by one. Liv’s body grew lighter with each layer that she shed at a steady pace—not too slow, not too fast.

Considering how she usually folded each garment and set them aside carefully, today’s behavior was markedly different.

Daaemon slowly rubbed his upper lip with his index finger, leaning back slightly. The plush sofa enveloped him softly.

Liv, now in her undergarments, looked up. Her green eyes met Daaemon ’s gaze.

While maintaining eye contact, Liv pulled on the ribbon of her undergarment. The tightly tied garment loosened, revealing her white breasts.

Daaemon had always thought her chest was pleasing to look at. There was just enough flesh that her breasts would bounce slightly whenever she undressed, but now, facing him directly, that movement was even more pronounced.

Liv took a deep breath, her chest visibly rising and falling. Lightly tracing her exposed breasts with her fingertips, she moved her hand downward.

The clip of her worn garter belt made a faint metallic sound as she unclasped it. The straps that had been pulled taut fell loose, and the stockings slackened.

The thin stockings were so worn that they looked ready to tear at the slightest tug.

Just imagining how easily they would shred made Daaemon ’s mouth dry.

Moistening his lips with his tongue, Daaemon crossed his long legs, resting his chin on the armrest. He considered having a drink to quench his thirst, but something about dulling his sharp senses with alcohol felt unappealing.

Liv pushed her stockings down. They rolled into rings as they descended, revealing her bare legs.

At that moment, Daaemon rose from his seat.

 “Marquis?”

With just a few steps, Daaemon reached Liv, bending over as he did.

His hand touched Liv’s leg, where her stocking was half pulled off. Slowly trailing down her thigh, his hand slid across her skin before gripping the back of her knee.

“…It’s healed.”

It was around here, perhaps. The area that had once been marred with bruises and scabs.

Though the injury hadn’t been too severe, there was barely a trace of it left. When his fingers pressed firmly into the hollow of her knee, Liv gasped and shuddered. The fine hairs visible on her skin stood on end.

Though she didn’t outright pull away, her fidgeting suggested she hoped he would release her. Instead, Daaemon only tightened his grip on her leg.

“You know I’m aroused by you, don’t you?”

Liv’s shivering body froze instantly. Daaemon glanced up at her. From his position below, her long, evenly spaced eyelashes were particularly prominent. She blinked repeatedly, lips parting slowly.

“…Yes.”

“Are you provoking me knowingly?”

“Yes.”

This time, her answer came a little faster.

“I’m provoking you.”

Daaemon suddenly found it amusing. The determined look in her eyes, born from her ignorance of what disgrace befell those who had once flaunted themselves lewdly before him, was somewhat admirable.

And more absurd still was how his body responded to her awkward, clumsy attempts—more than to any practiced seduction he had encountered before.

Daaemon released her knee, rising to his feet. As he drew closer to Liv, her rounded breasts pressed against the lower part of his sternum. The sensation was softer than he had expected.

“What if I don’t give in?”

Liv hesitated at the question, pausing before replying with a faint hint of defiance, “Why ask me that? It’s your choice, Marquis.”

Daaemon didn’t bother suppressing his smile.

“You really are quite clever, and I like that.”

The hand that cupped Liv’s nape moved gently, but his patience ended there.

Daaemon remained fully clothed, whereas Liv was stripped bare. Her exposed skin made every change in her body that much more visible.

She seemed to expect him to remove his clothes, but as he kissed her and pushed her onto the bed, she quickly grew flustered. She no longer seemed concerned about his attire, preoccupied instead with managing the rising heat within her own body. When his gloved hand rubbed her skin, her pale flesh turned pink easily.

Daaemon narrowed his eyes as he watched the unabashed marks form.

“Does it hurt?”

“…I’m fine.”

Whether from nerves or something else, Liv’s voice trembled lightly as she answered. Daaemon said nothing more, moving his fingers again.

When he twisted her stiffened nipple between his long fingers, Liv’s body beneath him curled up. The firmer he rolled the swollen bud between his fingers, as though it were a grape, the more she shuddered.

What would it taste like if I bit it?

Frankly, Daaemon had come to view sexual acts as degrading.

He detested exposing his scar-riddled body to others, and found the fluids and heavy breathing of an aroused partner repulsive. The idea of someone lunging at him in a fit of lust made him want to punch them rather than reciprocate.

Of course, it wasn’t that he lacked any sexual desire—he simply saw no reason to satisfy it with a woman. A quick, uncomplicated release through self-pleasure was enough for him.

After he began participating in real battles, killing became far more exhilarating than sex.

He had all the knowledge about sex, had heard all the talk, and had even been dragged to depraved orgies, witnessing grotesque entanglements of naked bodies. And on the battlefield? The sights there were beyond imagination in their ugliness.

All those experiences had built within him an aversion to intimacy.

His current fascination with Liv’s body was highly unusual. Anyone who had known him for a long time would be shocked to see how aroused he was by this woman before him.

‘What made her so special?’

Here she was, lying stiff as a wooden doll—a stark contrast to the assertive striptease she’d performed earlier.

“…Curiosity, is it?”

“Pardon?”

Liv, startled by his muttering, asked. Instead of answering, Daaemon squeezed her breast harder. Liv gasped, squeezing her eyes shut.

It was clear to anyone that this was all foreign to her. She had likely never given her body to someone else like this.

To be so compliant, unsure of what to do, and twisting her body in confusion—it had to be her first time.

The thought filled him with a strange satisfaction. Not even the artist who had seen Liv’s nude form countless times would have witnessed her in such disarray. She had never let her guard down before anyone.

“Ah!”

Liv shivered, hastily covering her mouth with one hand. Daaemon ’s lips had just touched her breast.

Lowering his head, her scent wafted over him. The unfamiliar scent had an oddly addictive quality, making him think he wouldn’t mind staying buried there.

He opened his mouth, rolling her nipple with his tongue, and another suppressed moan escaped Liv.

When he sucked her nipple as he would during a kiss, Liv groaned, clutching Daaemon ’s shoulder tightly. Her hands seemed to push him away instinctively, but of course, Daaemon didn’t budge. Instead, Liv’s body sank deeper into the mattress.

Daaemon ’s hand moved from her buttocks to grip her thigh, pushing it upward in one swift motion. Liv, who had been moaning softly, opened her eyes in shock.

“Wa-wait…”

She tried to speak, but Daaemon rose, lifting both of her legs and positioning himself between them. Her exposed sex came into view.

They say women lose themselves when you lick them here.

Pressing his thumb down on her clit, her raised legs convulsed. Her lower abdomen visibly quivered.

“Looks like you’re used to this.”

“N-no…”

“You seem rather responsive for someone who isn’t.”

Daaemon laughed mockingly, and Liv looked up at him, her face on the verge of tears. Seeing the faint resentment in her green eyes, Daaemon felt even more satisfied. He wanted to humiliate her, despite knowing full well this was her first time.

“You easily undressed in front of a stranger, so isn’t it natural?”

“I wasn’t… ngh!”

Trying to protest, Liv ended up whimpering as Daaemon rubbed her clit roughly. The merciless touch made her legs spread involuntarily.

He didn’t particularly want to suck her there, but he enjoyed how her trembling intensified the more he stimulated her.

“P-please, not there…!”

“I asked you to entertain me, yet you’re the only one enjoying this.”

Tears glistened at the corners of Liv’s eyes. Her lips parted, letting out warm breaths and faint whimpers, and her restless hands clutched Daaemon ’s coat.

His touch was anything but considerate—perhaps even careless. Yet Liv responded earnestly, her sex growing wetter.

“How insolent.”

Muttering petulantly, Daaemon pressed his hips against her. His hardened cock was clearly visible even through his trousers, and rubbing its bulge against her wet sex, her fluids soaked into the fabric.

Liv seemed to realize the weight pressing against her lower body.

Struggling to keep her eyes open, Liv blinked slowly, her tear-soaked eyelids feeling unusually heavy.

“Just by tormenting me…”

She began to speak, her words trailing like a sigh.

“You seem plenty entertained.”

Despite being a virgin, she knew how to say something cute.

Daaemon reached out, gripping her chin. Realizing how damp his glove had become, it suddenly felt cumbersome.

Daaemon tore off the glove and threw it off the bed, then grabbed Liv’s chin and parted her lips. Without resistance, her mouth opened, and his tongue slipped inside. The whimpering noise she made was swallowed by his mouth. It was a rough kiss—sucking her tongue, devouring her lips.

“Mmph!”

Without breaking the kiss, his fingers moved. His wet middle finger slid effortlessly down to her entrance, pushing into her tender flesh without warning.

The wrinkled inner walls tightened instinctively against the unfamiliar intrusion. He pushed his finger deep, then withdrew, his digit glistening wet.

“Hnn, ah!”

One finger became two, then three. The forceful thrusts from below turned Liv’s whimpers into near sobs, and Daaemon kissed her deeply, swallowing every sound she made. Finally, he pulled away, exhaling heavily.

“It’s troublesome to call this torment.”

His pants felt ready to burst. Blood rushed to his cock, making him feel like he had to thrust it somewhere, anywhere.

Daaemon licked his lips, slick with saliva, and traced her lower lip with the fingers that had just been inside her. As he rubbed her lips with her own love juice, Liv parted her lips slightly. Her red tongue peeked out, mingling with her hot breaths.

Once, Daaemon would have found all this filthy.

He had thought so, after all.

 “Lewd.”

Liv’s swollen red lips, slightly puffy from the rough kiss, came into view. He couldn’t distinguish whether the fluid smeared on those lips was his saliva, hers, or her love juice. Perhaps it was all three.

How could something feel so erotic?

“Lewd, Teacher.”

A smile of satisfaction spread across Daaemon ’s face. Liv, panting and struggling to catch her breath, stared blankly at him.

Her eyes, still tinged with excitement, gazed at him unblinking, her cheeks flushed a deep red. She looked like someone entranced by magic.

Liv, staring at Daaemon without blinking, muttered as if talking to herself, “You’re the one who’s…”

The sentence was incomplete, but it was enough for him to understand. Daaemon smirked, as if finding it amusing, and unbuttoned his pants. Liv’s gaze naturally moved to that spot.

Liv, who had been in a daze until then, widened her eyes in shock. Frozen in place, her eyes locked on him, she stammered, “Wait, that’s too…!”

“Hah…”

The moment he unzipped his pants, his cock sprang forward, striking her sex. There was no need to touch it further—it was already fully erect and daunting in size. Grasping the shaft, Daaemon rubbed the tip against her entrance, slowly sliding it over her folds. Liv’s hips quivered as if struck by a tremor.

“You can’t, you can’t put it in!”

Daaemon ignored Liv’s panicked plea. He held her squirming waist firmly in place and briefly met her gaze.

“I can put it in.”

The swollen glans pushed slowly into the tightly closed entrance. Daaemon and Liv’s eyes remained locked.

“This hole is meant for this, after all.”

Wham!

The massive shaft penetrated her suddenly. The enormous size drove in at once, without mercy, leaving Liv unable even to scream. Her gaping lips only swallowed dry air before clamping shut. Tears, which had seemed to recede, flowed again.

Daaemon paused, looking down at her, gasping like a fish impaled on a spear. He, too, had felt an overwhelming sensation that momentarily shocked him as much as it did her.

The hot, narrow flesh clamped down on him tightly. The force with which she squeezed around his cock was both painful and extremely stimulating.

“Phew…”

Daaemon exhaled deeply, releasing the excitement with his breath. He leaned over, planting a kiss on her trembling lips, and Liv wrapped her arms around his neck desperately. Accepting her clinging embrace, Daaemon kissed her deeply, then let his lips slip down to her ear.

“If you don’t relax, Teacher, I think my cock will break.”

“I-it’s not that easy… ngh!”

Daaemon , who had regained some composure, drew his hips back slightly and thrust forward again with a hard stroke. Though her insides were somewhat lubricated, they were still tight and dry, likely due to her nervousness. Gritting his teeth, he rubbed her lower belly gently.

The thought that his cock was buried inside this small belly sent a rush of pleasure to the top of his head.

Would it get better after just one time?

He realized that his previous thought—that one time would be enough—had been naive and overly relaxed.

Just once?

“How does it feel, Teacher?”

“Sob…”

“It can’t be just painful.”

Daaemon could feel the convulsions in her lower belly through his palm. It seemed absurd, yet he felt as if her previously flat belly was now slightly bulging.

Impossible.

But maybe if he thrust just a bit more, it really would bulge out.

“Please, just stay still for a moment…”

Liv panted, pleading. The fullness inside her made even breathing difficult. She remained incredibly tense, her body stiffened even more.

As Daaemon considered whether to ignore her and continue, he decided to be generous. He rubbed her side gently.

Sweat beaded on her skin as he applied pressure, his fingers moving steadily.

“Teacher.”

“Ngh.”

“Describe what you’re feeling.”

His hand, which had been caressing her side, slid further back, cupping her soft buttock. Squeezing it firmly, Daaemon spoke quickly in a low voice, “If you have a good reason for me to stop, I’ll consider it. Convince me.”

Liv, who had kept her eyes shut tightly, cautiously opened them. Her eyelashes, wet with tears, blinked as she tried to catch her breath.

She looked innocent, unaware that her every breathless exhale only aroused him more.

“My lower belly feels too full; it’s hard to breathe…”

“It’s tight, so we should keep moving to loosen it.”

“Y-you’re too strong, it might tear…”

“The human body doesn’t tear that easily. It’s tougher than you think.”

Daaemon grabbed Liv’s hand, placing it on her lower belly. Forcing her hand to press down, Liv’s breathing became ragged again.

Panting, Liv spoke urgently, “You said it hurts too, Marquis, so maybe we should take it slow.”

“It might feel like it’s going to break, but it doesn’t hurt.”

Realizing that no matter what she said, Daaemon wouldn’t back down, Liv looked up at him with resentful eyes. Seeing her expression, Daaemon smiled warmly. His smile made Liv momentarily relax, her face going slack.

Daaemon didn’t miss that fleeting moment—he moved his hips. His cock, which had been withdrawn, plunged into her again without a moment’s hesitation. Her inner walls gripped his shaft tightly, spasming in response.

Liv’s arms instinctively tightened around Daaemon ’s neck. As his relentless thrusts continued, her body shifted upward slightly with each push.

“Ngh, ah!”

Daaemon held her shoulder in place, moving his body without letting her escape. Liv, who had been subtly trying to push him away by moving upward, found herself forced to accept him.

Her lips, bitten in embarrassment, finally let out an involuntary cry. A sharp whimper filled with all kinds of emotions.

It was distinctly different from the screams of the battlefield.

“Aah, slowly, Marquis, please!”

Her short, interrupted voice was filled with pleading. But Daaemon focused solely on moving his hips, ignoring her words. Beads of sweat, which had been forming on his platinum hair, fell onto her flushed body.

Liv’s body, which had been pulling pointlessly at Daaemon ’s collar, suddenly convulsed. It happened just as he forced his cock fully inside, to the very root. Daaemon instinctively followed that reaction, his thrusts quickening.

Every time he pushed deep inside, Liv quivered as if electrocuted, her legs trembling. She instinctively wrapped her legs around Daaemon ’s waist without him lifting them.

The once dry-feeling inner walls became slicker. As her tension eased, the proof of her arousal became evident. Her lubrication made it easier for him to move, and the sound of flesh slapping against flesh mixed with their ragged breathing.

“Haa!”

Liv let out a short cry, her mouth opening wide. Sweat ran down her exposed throat, which was arched back. Daaemon bit down on her reddened throat, feeling her pulse racing beneath his lips.

“It’s like this hole was made just for my cock.”

Such a perfectly snug and pleasurable space.

As he bit her neck, as though trying to choke her, Liv stammered in a trembling voice, “D-don’t say things like that.”

“Too crude?”

Daaemon chuckled against her neck. Despite Liv’s overwhelming arousal, he showed no mercy, continuing his fierce movements. Yet the voice he whispered into her ear remained calm and rational.

“But what can I do?”

Though his breath carried the heat of excitement, Daaemon was still in control. Rationally facing the lust he felt.

“It’s the truth.”

And so, he accepted it rationally—the fact that his desire for this woman was greater than he’d realized.

His father had once said, “God must have sent you to me.”

Daaemon had never laughed so scornfully at anything in his life. He had assumed that, as a priest, his father interpreted every situation in the most convenient way possible.

But now, to his surprise, Daaemon found himself understanding why his father had said such absurd words. It made sense, meeting someone so perfectly suited for that exact moment.

“Ah, Marquis, it feels strange, ah!”

Right now, in this moment, he was everything to her. He was her god, her only point of reliance.

“This hole was made for my cock, and it feels good—of course it does.”

“Haa, haa…”

“Remember this feeling. Enjoy it. Pleasure isn’t shameful.”

Liv, unable to contain her arousal, rubbed her lips against Daaemon ’s cheek.

Like an innocent child receiving guidance, Daaemon whispered gently, “If you didn’t know, you can learn now.”

His cock, red and swollen with blood, surged with the urge to release. Daaemon bit down hard on Liv’s shoulder, pressing their bodies together fully.

If one were to receive divine revelation, this must be how it felt. It was as if a white lightning bolt split his mind. Never had he felt such certainty.

God must have sent this woman to me.

 I thought he’d want me.

Liv wasn’t sure if what he wanted was this, but she had at least believed he wouldn’t turn her down disgracefully. It was a strange, baseless certainty.

That confidence fueled Liv’s normally hidden sexual interest in him. A raw desire to try it just once. And as she had anticipated, he took her.

It was a much more intense experience than she had expected.

Standing under the steady flow of water in the bathroom, Liv looked down at her body for a moment. Her once pale and clean skin was now covered with reddish marks. The large handprints left by the man’s grasp, the bruises from his biting, and the light scratches from her clothes scraping against her skin.

And that wasn’t all—her lower back felt sore, to the point where it was a wonder she could even stand.

The slightest brush of her fingertips across her skin sent a sharp pain coursing through her. The sensation vividly brought back what had just happened.

 

It had been a provocative, ecstatic moment—something she had never experienced before in her life. She was undoubtedly… sexually aroused.

What she hadn’t expected, however, was how empty and hollow she would feel afterward.

Unlike herself, who had nearly lost consciousness several times, the Marquis had remained composed up to the moment he climaxed. Even though he had become soiled with bodily fluids, he never shed his clothing, which only served to demonstrate his composure. Of course, he clicked his tongue in dissatisfaction, as though displeased with his crumpled and stained clothes.

After confirming his disheveled appearance, he had gotten up from the bed, looking ready to leave the room immediately. But, for whatever reason, he didn’t leave right away and instead lit a cigar.

Until then, Liv had remained lying on the bed, panting heavily.

“I’ve instructed that the nude painting work be halted for now.”

The Marquis, who was sitting at the table blowing out a plume of smoke, was the first to speak. Liv, too exhausted to move, forced herself to sit up since she couldn’t lie down while having a conversation.

“I heard about it.”

“That painter has been pestering me to sponsor him, claiming he’s developed some novel art technique. When I refused, he said he fell ill.”

As expected, the Marquis didn’t believe Brad’s excuse about being ill at all. His indifferent tone carried a hint of ridicule as proof.

Liv’s face flushed with embarrassment, and she quietly lowered her gaze.

“Brad… can be a bit impulsive, but I’m sure he didn’t mean any harm. He’s not an evil person who deceives others or commits wicked deeds; he’s just a bit thoughtless. I think he’s desperate lately and has been asking for too much.”

He’s just a little naive and impulsive, not a bad person. Liv thought of Brad’s wife, who had turned away, sniffling not long ago, and her expression turned somber.

It was unsettling that he’d gone all the way to the capital, but if he pulled himself together even now, he could avoid a major catastrophe. Most importantly, the painting wasn’t finished yet, so it was probably best to defend Brad a little in front of the Marquis.

“What’s your relationship with him?”

Liv, who had tried to speak up for Brad, looked up in surprise. The Marquis, standing crookedly, was staring at her intently.

“Of course, he’s just a painter, and I’m his model.”

“You seem quite eager to defend him for someone who’s merely a model. Is there something more between you two?”

The ambiguous question had a clear implication. Anger rose, and Liv’s cheeks turned red.

Did he think her current disheveled appearance proved she was promiscuous in her daily life?

Besides, Brad was married! Even if he were single, she would never have engaged in such conduct, but Liv wasn’t so immoral as to fool around with a married man. The Marquis’s casual and disrespectful question felt outright insulting.

“When I settled in Buerno, Brad saved me from being scammed. He also readily offered me a side job when I was struggling.”

It might not have seemed like much to the Marquis, but for Liv, it had been an incident that made her heart race.

“Is that all?”

“I am simply grateful for his help. You may think I’m frivolous, but I’ve never experienced anything like today before.”

At Liv’s firm statement, the Marquis fell silent for a moment. Just as Liv felt the smoke from his cigar thickening around him, he muttered with a faint smile.

“That’s good to hear.”

Liv’s eyes wavered. Whether he noticed her unease or not, Daaemon spoke as if it were of no great consequence, brushing the ash from his cigar into the ashtray.

“The painter’s behavior seems dubious; it would be wise to keep your distance for your own safety.”

It seemed the Marquis was aware that Brad had been mingling with some suspicious people lately. Liv’s expression darkened slightly at his rather kind warning.

“As I mentioned, he—”

“If you end up in trouble while trying to help someone like that, what would happen to your poor sister?”

At that moment, Liv forgot she was speaking with the Marquis and immediately shot back coldly.

“What does Corida have to do with this?”

“Oh, it seems you don’t know who that painter has gotten involved with.”

The Marquis’s gaze, feigning pity, made Liv’s heart sink.

She had thought it was a bit suspicious, but that was all. She had neither the means nor the intention to look into it. But if the Marquis spoke of it so definitively, it meant Brad was undoubtedly involved with some shady characters.

If that were the case, then she couldn’t just stand by as she had been doing—she had to warn him immediately.

…But what if she ended up in danger as a result?

“If something were to happen to you, is there any other place you could leave your sister?”

“…No, there isn’t.”

When the Marquis mentioned Corida once more, the resolve to warn Brad disappeared completely.

The Marquis was right. What if she meddled unnecessarily and ended up entangled in the situation? She had no idea who Brad was involved with or how, but debts usually led to messy affairs.

Besides, even though she had already warned him, Brad hadn’t heeded her words. Saying something now wasn’t likely to make him change his mind.

She couldn’t risk herself for a mere acquaintance. If anything were to happen to Liv, there would be no way for the unhealthy Corida to survive. She had only just regained hope of recovering her health…

“You should think carefully about your choices from now on. Being the painter’s model might put you in unnecessary danger.”

The Marquis spoke indifferently as he placed his cigar in the ashtray. This time, it seemed he really intended to leave the room.

Perhaps, if Liv hadn’t asked her question, he would have.

“Would you just stand by if I were in danger?”

The Marquis, who had paused at the door, turned to look at Liv slowly. His eyes held a hint of surprise.

Liv spoke again, addressing the Marquis, who remained silent, “You wouldn’t, would you?”

“Are you sure?”

“You haven’t before.”

Instead of replying, the Marquis turned fully towards her. Rather than leaving the room, he approached Liv. He then gave her a deep, gentle kiss, almost as if offering praise.

Their breathing grew heavy, and Liv found herself pushed back, the strength she had managed to gather vanishing without a trace. Because the Marquis once again…

 

Knock, knock.

A faint knock at the door brought her back to reality. Liv quickly turned off the water pouring over her head and grabbed the towel that had been prepared for her.

This was the Marquis’s mansion; she couldn’t afford to waste any more time. Standing in the luxurious bathroom she had never used before, she quickly regained her composure.

She dried herself and dressed, though her hair was still wet. With no time to dry it, Liv returned to the room.

The Marquis had already left some time ago. While she was washing up, the maids had come and gone, leaving no trace on the bed. The window had also been opened slightly for ventilation. If not for her reddened body and the pain she still felt in places, it would have all seemed like a dream.

Knock, knock.

The knocking came again. Taking a deep breath of the cool air in the room, Liv approached the door.

Click.

Liv carefully opened the door, her eyes widening.

“Mr. Adolf?”

“Ah, Miss Rodaise. I apologize for the intrusion, but I have something urgent to deliver.”

Seeing Liv’s wet hair, Adolf apologized with a regretful expression.

Liv quickly shook her head. “No, it’s alright. What did you need to give me?”

“Here, take this.”

After checking the empty hallway, Adolf pulled something from his pocket and handed it to Liv.

“There should be water prepared in your room. If you take this now, it will be effective.”

“What is this?”

“It’s a contraceptive pill.”

 Liv hesitated as she accepted the pouch handed to her by Adolf.

Adolf spoke in a serious tone, his eyebrows furrowing slightly, “I didn’t foresee this happening, and it was my fault to dismiss your question with a laugh. I apologize. I’ve included as many as I could find for now, but if you run out, just ask. I brought the least harmful ones available on the market. Let me know if you need anything else.”

Liv looked down at the pouch in her hands with a complicated expression.

That’s right. I should take them.

Contraceptives were not exactly medicines openly distributed. Still, they were in high demand, with a wide range of varieties—from the cheap pills used by prostitutes in brothels to the expensive, high-end ones used by noble mistresses.

This one must be… the latter.

“From now on, Dr. Gertrude will conduct a monthly examination of you, Miss Rodaise. It’s a simple procedure, so there’s no need to be concerned.”

It was an act of kindness. Given what happened today, she might find herself spending such times with the Marquis more frequently in the future.

There was no intention of bearing a child for him—if she were to become pregnant, she would certainly have to terminate it. It was far better to prevent such a situation in advance.

Liv understood this logically, but she couldn’t shake her feelings of sadness.

In truth, she had felt this way since she washed herself earlier. The sight of her body covered in his careless marks made her feel strange. She thought of his back as he left the room after finishing, just as he always did after extra work. It was odd.

After all, it had been her who provoked him.

And it wasn’t surprising that Adolf was giving her contraceptives, given that he knew everything that had happened, but even that left her feeling cold.

To be in such a state—accepting contraceptives from one of the Marquis’s aides while still fresh from a bath—she was no different from a prostitute.

She couldn’t even deny it.

“Thank you for thinking of me,” Liv said, lowering her gaze to hide the shame creeping over her chest.

Adolf turned to leave, telling her to call him when she was ready to return.

Once the door closed, she was alone again. However, she didn’t feel like staying in the cold room for long.

With her damp hair hastily tied up, Liv left the mansion.

 



 

She was worried about Brad, but the Marquis’s warning echoed in her mind, and she couldn’t bring herself to visit his studio. It was cowardly of her.

Camille, who had left Liv with some cryptic words, now frequented the Baron’s residence even outside of class hours. As a result, he often ran into Liv when she visited to teach Million. Each time they met, he greeted her warmly, and Liv responded with an ambiguous smile, keeping her distance from him.

Corida’s treatment had also begun. In place of the suspended painting work, Liv started visiting the Berryworth mansion regularly for Corida’s treatment. Corida had been nervous at first, but as time passed, she gradually let her guard down.

Eventually, Corida even began visiting the Berryworth mansion’s library. It was a gesture of generosity from the Marquis.

Liv, who had always been worried about Corida’s education, was grateful for this kindness. On top of that, Adolf, who had grown close to Corida, would spend time with her in the library, offering help. It wasn’t quite a formal lesson, but it was enough for Corida to engage in conversations about the books that piqued her interest.

Seeing this, Liv also wanted to teach Corida what she knew, so she stayed by her side. However, Corida seemed to prefer talking with Adolf alone. In the end, Liv had to take the hint and step aside.

It was the same today. Corida, who was chatting about something Liv didn’t understand, nudged her away, telling her to go do something else if she was bored.

What could there possibly be for Liv to do at the Berryworth mansion?

Though she felt a pang of sadness, Liv couldn’t express it, knowing full well how much this time meant to Corida, who had always been stuck at home alone.

“Kicked out again today, I see.”

Liv, who had been staring blankly at the library door, turned around. It was Philip, approaching with a mobile tray. He always brought snacks for Corida when she stayed in the library. Though Liv told him it was unnecessary, he would only chuckle and show no signs of stopping.

In fact, the snacks Philip brought were made with ingredients carefully selected under Thierry’s guidance. With that level of care, Liv found it hard to refuse.

“Seeing as we’re already here, why don’t you wait a moment? She’ll be out soon,” Philip suggested before stepping into the library.

There was a burst of laughter from inside, and before long, Philip returned without the tray, apparently having left it in the library.

“This way, please.”

Philip smiled warmly as he led Liv along. Unsure of the reason, Liv followed him.

The two of them walked down the hallway and stepped outside. After only a few steps, the entrance to a lush arboretum came into view.

“You may remember—I once mentioned that there’s a glass greenhouse inside the arboretum.”

“Yes, I remember.”

“While you wait for Miss Corida and Adolf’s reading discussion to finish, you might enjoy looking around. There’s a comfortable spot to rest inside the greenhouse.”

Liv looked at the arboretum thoughtfully. Corida typically spent about an hour in the library, which meant Liv had to find something to do for at least that long. Previously, she had used the time to prepare for Million’s lessons, but today she had forgotten her materials.

There wasn’t anything else to do in the mansion, so taking a stroll as Philip suggested didn’t seem like a bad idea.

“Alright, thank you for letting me know.”

With Philip’s words to take her time in mind, Liv walked into the arboretum.

She could feel the cool, refreshing air filling the space. Unlike other meticulously groomed gardens, the Berryworth mansion’s arboretum had a free-spirited appearance. And yet, it didn’t look messy—there was something fascinating about its beauty. Occasionally, she could hear the unfamiliar calls of birds in the distance.

The greenhouse Philip mentioned wasn’t far away. Made of translucent glass, it appeared dome-shaped from the outside, giving it a mysterious quality. The surface sparkled in the sunlight filtering through the leaves.

“Wow…”

Creating such a greenhouse from glass—that was no ordinary feat. No wonder Philip had been so eager to show it to her.

Unable to help herself, Liv approached the greenhouse, her mouth agape in awe. The frosted glass obscured the view inside, allowing only the vague outline of lush greenery to be seen, as if a curtain was drawn, concealing the interior.

Liv carefully pushed the handle, and the door opened without a sound.

The first thing she saw was a colorful array of flowers. The moment she took in the flowers filling the greenhouse, a sweet and fragrant aroma reached her nose.

Wide-eyed, Liv looked around as she stepped inside. Flowers of various sizes caught her attention at every turn.

There were more than just flowers. She noticed a small stone-carved waterfall fountain. The sound of gently flowing water mixed with the floral scents, creating a peaceful atmosphere.

Walking slowly along the path leading deeper inside, Liv found herself captivated by the flowers, as if in a trance.

Click, clack!

Somewhere nearby, there was a rhythmic knocking sound. Liv looked around, searching for the source, and soon spotted another fountain. A horizontal bamboo tube was catching water from above, tilting like a seesaw before returning to its original position.

But what really caught her eye was the golden kingfisher perched above the flowing water.

A golden one?

Liv didn’t know much about birds, but she was sure there were no birds with such vivid golden feathers. She couldn’t hide her amazement as she stared at the kingfisher.

The bird was poised, as if ready to plunge into the water at any moment. Its long beak seemed on the verge of opening, and its neatly folded wings appeared ready to flap.

But no matter how long she waited, the kingfisher didn’t move.

“It’s a taxidermy.”

Startled by the sudden voice behind her, Liv quickly turned. The Marquis was standing there, leaning on his cane. Judging by where he stood, he must have been inside the greenhouse all along.

“Ah, I didn’t realize you were here…”

Liv trailed off and took a small step back. The Marquis, seemingly unbothered, turned his head toward the kingfisher.

“The feathers were dyed with paint mixed with gold dust during the making process.”

Gold dust—no wonder the color seemed too vivid.

Liv’s mouth fell open at the sight of the pointless luxury, casually displayed in the greenhouse by the Marquis.

As she gazed at the kingfisher in disbelief, the Marquis slowly approached her. Despite her attempt to put distance between them, they ended up standing very close.

With his imposing frame so near, she couldn’t help but be acutely aware of his presence.

And the fact that it was someone she had been intimate with only heightened her awareness.

Liv lowered her gaze quietly. As silence fell between them, the only sound was the soft trickling of water.

It was the first time she had faced the Marquis since they had sex. With Corida’s treatment ongoing, they hadn’t had any extra work since then. Liv’s extra work schedule had always been irregular, and without the Marquis’s call, she could only wait indefinitely.

Maybe he wasn’t satisfied with the sex.

Or maybe, after sleeping with her once, he lost interest.

Those thoughts had crossed her mind. However, Liv had vaguely assumed otherwise. If the Marquis had truly lost interest, he wouldn’t have been so generous with Corida’s treatment.

And now, seeing the Marquis’s behavior, Liv felt her assumption had been correct.

 “Your body seems to have recovered well.”

“Pardon?”

“You didn’t seem to be in great shape.”

Liv blushed as she understood what Daaemon meant. After their intimate encounter, it had taken Liv quite a while to recover her energy. If they hadn’t been in the Marquis’s mansion, she would have wanted nothing more than to sleep right then and there.

No, to be precise, the Marquis had said she could stay. But Liv, thinking of Corida waiting for her at home, had insisted on washing up and returning. Honestly, she hadn’t wanted to linger long in that cold, desolate room either.

“…I have average stamina.”

“I see.”

The Marquis made a sound of admiration, though his expression showed he didn’t agree at all.

“Then you should raise your standard for what counts as average.”

“Raise the standard, you say…”

“Unless you intend to reject me without hesitation after trying it once. I can’t guarantee I’ll give you this much time to recover next time.”

So the reason he hadn’t called her since then wasn’t because he had lost interest, but out of consideration for her recovery?

Liv looked at Daaemon in disbelief. As always, he seemed indifferent and aloof. As she stared at his expression blankly, Liv couldn’t help but think, however absurdly, that there must be a speck of conscience in him if he had given her time to rest.

Honestly, if he didn’t have even that much of a conscience, he wouldn’t be human. After enduring her first time with that “weapon,” Liv had genuinely felt as though her body would split in two.

And yet, in the end, it had all turned into pleasure, causing her to cry out without any shame.

Trying to shake off the vivid memory of that day, Liv quickly opened her mouth to speak.

“I didn’t realize I had a choice.”

“I have no intention of forcing myself on someone who refuses.”

Daaemon ’s blue eyes glanced at Liv as he responded casually.

“Also, I know that you have no reason to refuse.”

It was an incredibly arrogant statement. He was implying that anyone would want him.

What was frustrating was that he wasn’t wrong. If he asked for a companion for the night, countless people of all genders and ages in Buerno would jump at the chance.

And Liv, who had already spent a night with him… had no desire to refuse him in the future either.

“Weren’t we both satisfied?”

“Were you satisfied with me?”

“Yes.”

Sometimes, his affirmations came so easily that they made her question their sincerity. The Marquis smirked as Liv remained silent, unsure of how to react.

“I’m a very particular collector. You should be proud that you met my standards.”

“It sounds like you’re saying I’ve become one of your collection pieces.”

“Isn’t that true?”

Oddly enough, Camille’s words came to mind at that moment. The Marquis, who was treated like a valuable statue by others, did not even treat people like statues himself.

Should she be grateful to be treated as part of his collection by a man like that?

An uncomfortable feeling started to grow in the corner of her mind. It was similar to the emotion she had felt when left alone after their intimate encounter.

A thought crossed her mind—it felt pathetic. As if she had expected something grand from the Marquis and ended up betrayed. Their relationship had been clear from the start.

The Marquis had always viewed her as a passing amusement, and Liv had been willing to accept his interest, grateful for whatever attention she received. It was nothing more than a shallow relationship where all control rested on one side.

Determined to brush off her unnecessary emotions, Liv spoke in a deliberately light tone, “Do you also collect taxidermy?”

“Taxidermy?”

The Marquis glanced at the kingfisher Liv was staring at and replied nonchalantly, “If something has value, there’s no harm in owning it.”

But for all that value, it wasn’t treated particularly well. Liv had heard that taxidermy pieces had specific care requirements.

Staring at the kingfisher’s delicate feathers, Liv spoke softly, “I’ve heard a rumor. They say you have human taxidermies in the basement of your mansion.”

“Interesting rumor.”

The Marquis let out a brief chuckle, seemingly amused.

“Are you afraid you’ll end up as one?”

“I heard the rumor, but I don’t believe it.”

The Marquis clicked his tongue, failing to hide his amusement.

“What if it’s true?”

“Then I’d curse my foolish judgment and limited perspective.”

“Indeed.”

The Marquis tilted Liv’s chin toward him as she stared at the fountain. His voice had carried laughter during their conversation, but his face now showed none. His blue eyes, calm to the point of coldness, looked at her.

“I prefer a living teacher, not a beautifully preserved dead one.”

His warm breath was close enough for her to feel. Liv felt his hand slowly slide from her chin, tracing down her neck and then moving to the back of her head.

Where this intimate touch would end depended entirely on the Marquis’s intentions. Yet she couldn’t simply let him take full control.

Licking her lips, Liv spoke in a steady tone, “I’m here at the Berryworth mansion for Corida’s treatment.”

Her voice naturally softened due to their proximity, but Liv made an effort not to let it tremble. She wasn’t alone here, after all.

In just an hour, Corida would be looking for her sister. And considering the night she spent with the Marquis before, she knew that he wouldn’t finish anything in under an hour.

“I hope you’ll take that into consideration.”

“You’re getting better at making demands, Teacher.”

“I’m trying.”

Liv, who had been looking down quietly, shifted her gaze slightly. The blue eyes right before her seemed like a mesmerizing jewel, capable of drawing one’s soul. She couldn’t help but look directly at them. She didn’t know how it looked to the Marquis, but there was nothing she could do.

“It seems to be what you want.”

The Marquis’s eyes narrowed slightly. Liv realized that, once again, she had found the “right answer.”

“Quick learner.”

How commendable.

His final words were swallowed as their lips met.

 



 

The date of Cardinal Calliope’s visit to Buerno had been announced.

Technically, it was part of his pilgrimage schedule, with Buerno being one of his stops. The Cardinal was set to visit a few chapels and orphanages in Buerno over the span of several days.

People were now less interested in the Cardinal’s visit itself and more intrigued by his specific itinerary while in Buerno. Numerous one-off events were being organized throughout the city in preparation for the Cardinal’s visit, and these were the types of occasions where all sorts of notable figures were likely to make an appearance.

Some believed that this time, the Marquis Dietrion would finally show himself in public. Especially the press, who eagerly hoped to snap a few good photos of the reclusive Marquis, were busy checking their cameras in anticipation.

Naturally, none of this interested Daaemon in the slightest.

“I’ve given the press a heads-up, but it seems they’re still holding out hope,” Charles reported as he cautiously observed Daaemon ’s expression while he read the newspaper.

“Even if they take pictures, they won’t be able to publish them.”

“They don’t know that.”

Daaemon let out a faint snicker and tossed the newspaper onto his desk. The front page featured a large photo of the smiling Cardinal, waving warmly.

“I’ve adjusted your schedule accordingly.”

“Not that I had much of a schedule to adjust.”

Daaemon ’s daily life was largely uneventful. He had no noble obligations or responsibilities. There was no sense of burden or duty to lead his family.

His schedule mostly consisted of regular meetings with museum curators to purchase art or participating in private auctions. The most recent source of excitement in his monotonous life had been meeting Liv.

Although adjusting his schedule for the Cardinal’s visit seemed unnecessary, Daaemon didn’t reprimand Charles. After all, there was no harm in being prepared.

“Shall I prepare a seat for you?”

“Since he’s coming all this way, I suppose I should spare an hour to see him.”

Muttering cynically, Daaemon looked at the man in the photograph. Even with the passage of time, the Cardinal remained strikingly handsome.

It was this appearance alone that won over the hearts of many believers. Daaemon understood that the pursuit of beauty was ingrained in human nature—the Cardinal’s followers were proof of that.

Moreover, Cardinal Calliope was particularly known for advocating peace within the church. In a continent fraught with conflicts big and small, it was difficult for any believer to dislike a gentle and kind-hearted figure praying for peace.

“They say he’s now a strong candidate for the next Gratia.”

At Charles’s subtle comment, Daaemon lifted one corner of his mouth.

Gratia, the highest-ranking clergy member and head of the church, was chosen from among the Cardinals. It was the most honorable position, standing tall as a figure of universal respect.

And to achieve that position, the bloodshed required was enough to form a river.

Scoffing openly, Daaemon murmured to himself, “Wasn’t Cardinal Augustine in a strong position before?”

“His internal standing took a significant hit after losing the battle between Elba and Torsten last year. Should I gather more specific information?”

“No need. I can imagine.”

Whatever the specifics, it had nothing to do with Daaemon . He had long since stepped away from the stage they had created. If they were trying to resurrect a role that had already exited, that was their business.

He was about to dismiss the thought when Charles continued his report.

“Also, someone has arrived from Malte.”

 “They must be crazy.”

At Daaemon ’s blunt muttering, Charles coughed awkwardly.

“They said the letter might not have reached properly, so they want to confirm it in person.”

“Even though I’ve already replied, it seems no one in that family can read.”

Daaemon had sent the same reply several times, and Charles, like Daaemon , wore a rather troubled expression.

“They’ve asked us to prepare for Lady Luzia Malte’s personal visit.”

“So I refused, yet they didn’t understand at all.”

Daaemon twisted his lips and glared at the newspaper. The announcement of the Cardinal’s visit also listed the prominent nobles accompanying him, including Luzia Malte, the cherished only daughter of the Duke of Malte.

“What if she gets herself shot, wandering around recklessly?”

“This pilgrimage is under the guise of a peace mission. Even without worrying about Malte, if anyone harms the pilgrims, they’ll face the backlash of believers worldwide, so no one will dare to act carelessly.”

“Oh, so that’s what they’re banking on?”

Daaemon let out a bitter chuckle, leaning back in his chair and pressing his fingers against his temples.

“Do they think I’m afraid of the church?”

“There’s a possibility.”

Luzia Malte wasn’t exactly a foolish woman. Like any daughter of a high-ranking noble family, she had completed a formal education and took great pride in her lineage. She knew how to use people and wield power befitting her status—an archetypal aristocrat.

Moreover, the Malte family was one of the great noble houses of Torsten. It was unlikely Luzia had ever faced something not going her way.

It was different from Daaemon ’s obstinate demeanor. Unlike Daaemon , Luzia’s arrogance was a product of her upbringing. Her decision to come in person this time was undoubtedly rooted in that arrogance.

As a result, her limitations were clear, though she likely had no idea.

“It’s strange how someone raised in the same luxury could turn out to be so foolish.”

“…Excuse me?”

Charles, caught off guard, took a moment to process Daaemon ’s words.

“Ah, while we’re on the subject, let me also update you. The additional investigation on Miss Rodaise has been completed.”

Charles placed the report on Daaemon ’s desk, which had been delayed due to more urgent matters.

“Her parents were artisans, primarily serving a noble clientele. She has only one younger sister, and no relatives she stays in contact with. Her early years were relatively ordinary, and her reputation during her time at Clemence Boarding School was ambiguous. After losing both parents following graduation, she began working as a tutor through connections made at school. It appears she moved frequently due to work. Her previous workplaces didn’t have good things to say about her.”

Daaemon , listening to Charles’s voice while skimming through the report, raised an eyebrow.

“That’s unexpected.”

She didn’t seem like someone who would have a poor reputation.

“Why was her school reputation ambiguous?”

“It seems she was the subject of some rumors. Clemence is a coeducational school with a high percentage of nobles, so her school life may not have been easy.”

Daaemon recalled her face, which had a quality that might provoke something in others. He didn’t think that impression was unique to him.

Even without that atmosphere, objectively speaking, her appearance was not lacking, and her diligent demeanor during school years would likely have drawn someone’s attention.

“How about her previous workplaces?”

“Her reputation as a short-term tutor was good. However, at the two households where she worked as a live-in tutor, it was poor.”

Clearing his throat, Charles continued in a composed voice, “At Viscount Karin’s estate, she was dismissed for allegedly trying to seduce the baron’s eldest son. At Count Lucette’s estate, she was fired for inadequate teaching skills. They cited the young lady’s poor academic performance and refused to pay three months’ salary, instead demanding reimbursement for living expenses, which led to a dispute.”

Three months’ worth—that must have been a significant amount for Liv. Daaemon looked at the report, incredulous. It seemed she had partially resolved the issue of living expenses, but ultimately, she hadn’t been paid.

“It appears she’s been struggling with financial difficulties for a long time. We can’t rule out the possibility that she aims to become a nobleman’s mistress to secure her future.”

After noticing Daaemon ’s unusual interest in Liv, Charles had volunteered to conduct a more thorough background check. He seemed uneasy seeing his master take such an interest in a woman, especially when Daaemon had never shown such interest before.

And to top it off, she had these rumors trailing her—it wasn’t surprising that Charles felt suspicious.

Daaemon didn’t entirely disagree with Charles’s reaction. To an outsider, it might seem like their relationship began with Liv’s desperate attempts to win Daaemon over.

“If she were that type, she would have settled somewhere long ago,” Daaemon responded nonchalantly, putting the report down and rubbing his temple lightly.

“Still, lately, she’s been behaving sensibly…”

When she came to the glass greenhouse with Corida, Liv had indirectly turned him down, saying they couldn’t engage in anything because she was there.

Daaemon could have forced her, but he chose not to. He liked how Liv remained rational and unchanged, even after having slept with him—she didn’t act overly affectionate or treat him differently. On the contrary, her ability to consider her sister over him, even with Daaemon in front of her, pleased him.

Not that he intended to forever tolerate Corida’s presence.

Still, with that level of self-awareness, Liv could likely figure out what he wanted in any situation.

“It might work out well.”

“Pardon?”

“A proud spirit, untested by adversity, tends to break easily over trivial matters. It’s a good chance to deal with some nuisances.”

Charles gave Daaemon a puzzled look. Rather than explaining, Daaemon tapped a spot on the newspaper with his pen. The ink left scattered marks on the place where the Cardinal’s visit date was printed.

While not explicitly detailed in the paper, it was likely that the advance party would arrive in Buerno first, followed by the Cardinal and his group after a few days.

“Lady Luzia’s request to visit me was before the Cardinal’s arrival. She’ll probably arrive in Buerno before him.”

Glimpsing the ink-stained paper, Daaemon gave Charles an order, “Book an opera for Luzia’s visit.”

“…An opera?”

Charles’s expression grew increasingly alarmed.

“If you do that… You won’t be able to avoid rumors, even within Buerno.”

“I never intended to keep it a secret forever.”

Even if they didn’t reveal Liv Rodaise’s face, Daaemon ’s appearance with a woman by his side would make headlines throughout the city. However, Daaemon wasn’t concerned. He was already accustomed to gossip, and unlike before, he had no need to worry about anyone’s judgment.

“Besides, is there any real issue if rumors spread?”

“Of course not, my lord…”

Ignoring Charles’s uncertain mumbling, Daaemon rolled the pen across the newspaper. Drops of ink splattered haphazardly over the text.

If it became known that the woman involved with Daaemon was Liv Rodaise, it might be a bit bothersome for her… but she’d probably manage it well enough.

And if things got so troublesome that she had to quit her job as the tutor of Lady Pendence, all the better.

“Oh, and I’d like to buy some jewelry.”

Having nowhere else to turn, she would take refuge in Daaemon ’s shadow, and Daaemon would enjoy his newly acquired “collection” with delight.

He tended to lavishly reward valuable collections, and she would be no exception, yielding satisfactory results for both of them.

Just like that first night they spent together.

 



 

As soon as Million saw Liv’s face, she let out a scream.

“Aah! Teacher, did you see the pilgrimage list?”

“Yes, yes. Everyone’s talking about it,” Liv replied lightly.

There was no need to look at the newspaper. It was all anyone talked about whenever she stepped outside.

On her way to the Pendence estate, Liv had heard a few names repeated over and over by passersby until her ears hurt. And now, it seemed that name was also about to come out of Million’s mouth.

“Malte! Malte! Oh my goodness!”

“Your interest in Torsten is still unwavering.”

“Not just Torsten, Malte! She’s the one who made headlines recently with her broken engagement!”

Million, an avid fan of romance novels, repeatedly clasped her cheeks and screamed. In Million’s mind, Lady Malte had already become a courageous noblewoman who rejected an arranged marriage for the sake of a passionate love.

Moreover, Lady Malte was famous for her honey-blonde hair and beauty. It was as if she were destined to be the protagonist of numerous romance novels.

“Remember what I told you before? Teacher Camille knows someone who’s escorting the Cardinal. Well, apparently, that person is very close friends with Lady Malte! Their name is even on the pilgrimage list!”

At this point, it seemed Camille wasn’t even trying to hide that he had an extraordinary background. Liv nodded with a faint laugh, not particularly surprised by the news.

“So, are they staying at the Pendence estate this time?”

 Liv never expected to hear such words from him.

“I don’t want to hear any more of this. What makes you think you can say these things to me? What if I go and spread everything you’ve told me?”

Liv, her face pale, finally retorted to him, almost pressing him.

“Your status, your work—you don’t want them exposed, do you? These are careless words to be uttered in the heat of emotion.”

“My status is easy enough to discover with a little investigation, and as for matters concerning the Marquis… Well, even without me, someone else would be looking into him. It’s not something that needs to be openly discussed, but it’s also nothing to hide.”

Liv’s jaw dropped at Camille’s shamelessness. Was it really something to be so proud of—prying into others’ affairs?

“Even so, you shouldn’t be telling me this…”

“I’ve already told you. I’m interested in you, Teacher, and it’s unrelated to my work.”

Camille seemed relieved now that he had laid everything bare, and he regained his usual easygoing smile.

“I felt that, without saying anything, the distance between us would never close. And I no longer wanted to be treated as a suspicious person by you.”

“Don’t you think that hearing this makes me want to distance myself even more?”

“I may regret it a bit, now that you mention it… But there’s nothing I can do. It’s better than lying, isn’t it?”

Liv was at a loss for words. If he had simply said he wanted to sleep with her, it might have sounded more convincing. But what he said now felt different from that kind of intent.

Not that it was romantic, either. It was more bewildering than anything. After all, they had only spoken a few times in passing, and seen each other just a handful of times. Moreover, Camille’s strange advances had not begun recently.

“I really don’t understand. Teacher Marcel, you showed interest in me from the first day we met. Are you saying it was entirely without ulterior motives?”

“Ah…”

This time, it was Camille’s turn to be at a loss for words. Scratching his forehead awkwardly, he answered with a resigned voice.

“Alright, I’ll confess. At that time, I thought you might have some connection to the Marquis.”

“With the Marquis?”

“More precisely, I wasn’t certain whether Marquis Dietrion’s visit to the Pendence estate was really due to his relationship with the Baron and Baroness. So I wanted to observe everyone present when the Marquis visited this residence.”

Liv recalled her first encounter with the Marquis—an unexpected meeting caused by a servant’s mistake.

Come to think of it, the buyer of the nude painting she had worked on at the time had been the Marquis. There had already been a point of connection between her and the Marquis, even before she knew it. Of course, the Marquis wouldn’t have known that Liv was the model for the nude painting…

‘He wouldn’t have known, right?’

It must have been after he received the nude painting with her profile that he recognized her. He had acknowledged her in the chapel because he recognized the side view depicted in the painting. Otherwise, would a man of such stature have even noticed her?

“That’s a ridiculous assumption.”

“Well, there were hardly any clues to begin with. Especially since your movements, Teacher Rodaise, oddly overlapped with the Marquis’s, I found it curious.”

Liv thought of the small chapel she used to attend. She hadn’t known it then, but she now realized that the Marquis had appeared there to see her.

“So, has your suspicion been resolved?”

“The Marquis’s visit to the Baron’s residence was indeed due to an art transaction. He’s such a particular person that he feels compelled to have whatever catches his eye. Usually, he purchases artwork through the Royven museum director, but the piece the Baron bought came from a different channel.”

Camille’s close relationship with Baron Pendence had all been an effort to investigate the Marquis. It had been a complete misjudgment.

“And you think there’s no connection between me and the Marquis?”

“If you’re teasing me, I’ll admit it’s quite embarrassing. I’ve already figured out that he has a near-obsessive aversion to women.”

“Obsessive aversion…”

Mulling over Camille’s words, Liv lowered her gaze. It seemed that she and Camille were talking about two different people. The greater this disparity became, the more Liv strangely felt how close she was to the Marquis.

Though the Marquis had shown no consideration for her during their first time in bed, and his cynical way of speaking often grated on her nerves.

Nevertheless, Liv was quite close to him. Sharing intimate kisses, lying in his bed, and receiving his help—their relationship was known only to themselves and the Marquis’s close aides.

It wasn’t so bad, she thought. Being this clandestinely close to him was surprisingly bearable.

‘At this level.’

It was surprising that, even though she could never proudly display their relationship to anyone, she still felt pleased. She even felt a secret sense of superiority. Camille, who was diligently digging into things, didn’t know the Marquis in the way she did.

Unaware of Liv’s thoughts, Camille muttered to himself, “The Marquis seems to have an abnormal fixation with nude paintings.”

Hearing the mention of nude paintings, Liv involuntarily stiffened.

Camille, perhaps misinterpreting her reaction, quickly added, “This isn’t some baseless rumor; I got the information from the Royven museum director.”

“Ah, I see.”

Liv nodded awkwardly, fidgeting with her teacup. Her reflection appeared on the surface of the untouched tea.

Not just an art collector, but someone with an unusual fascination for nude paintings. Was that why he bought Brad’s painting…?

As she thought that, an entirely new question arose—one she had never considered before.

‘Brad said all the other nude paintings had been sold, too. So, the buyer of those nude paintings…’

Come to think of it, Brad was an artist who hadn’t even made his debut, so it would have been difficult for him to find buyers. He didn’t exclusively paint nudes, yet Liv had never heard of him selling other types of paintings. Was there really anyone in Buerno, besides the Marquis, who would buy Brad’s nude paintings?

‘If all the other nude paintings in which I was the model are in the Marquis’s possession…’

If he had known about her from the start?

Even though it seemed impossible, the strange thought wouldn’t leave her mind.

‘Even if he had other paintings, they all showed my back, so he couldn’t have recognized me.’

Moreover, her hair color wasn’t particularly unique, so it would have been impossible to identify her based on that alone.

“In any case, I feel like I’m only losing points the more we talk… Still, I was honest with you, so I hope you’ll take that into consideration.”

Liv gave a cursory nod to Camille, who was speaking as if he were being overly dramatic. She took a sip of her now-cold tea. Even with Camille sitting there trying to improve their relationship, Liv’s mind was entirely occupied with thoughts of the Marquis.

 



 

After the unexpected conversation with Camille, Liv left the Pendence estate feeling dazed, as if in a trance.

Camille, the youngest of the Eleonore family, had been hiding his identity.

It had all happened within just a few months. Prominent individuals, whom she had never thought would be entangled in her previously ordinary life, had suddenly appeared.

Liv wasn’t particularly curious about what kind of political motivations led these distinguished noblemen to move in secrecy. She knew well enough that someone as powerless as herself was better off staying uninvolved. So she resolved not to let Camille discover her secret meetings with the Marquis.

Not just Camille—no one should know.

The fact that she was in the Marquis’s bed and receiving his attention could cause an uproar. Even just having her name mentioned alongside his could throw her life into disarray. Not only for herself, but also for Corida’s sake, she needed to maintain a quiet, peaceful life.

“Miss Liv?”

Lost in thought, Liv suddenly looked up. Across from her, a man in a dark brown cloak greeted her warmly. Liv recognized him easily.

“Oh, Betryl.”

He was Betryl, who had volunteered at the small chapel Liv used to attend. It had been a long time since she had last seen him, as she had stopped visiting the chapel after moving.

“Wow, I didn’t expect to see you here! Come to think of it, didn’t you say you worked for the Pendence estate?”

Betryl, offering a handshake, glanced in the direction Liv had just come from.

“Yes, that’s right. It’s been a long time, Betryl.”

“Indeed! Why haven’t you been to the chapel lately? Surely you haven’t moved to another one, have you?”

“Ah… I had to move unexpectedly, and now the chapel is too far away.”

Even though it had been a sudden move, perhaps she should have stopped by the chapel at least once to explain.

Back then, she hadn’t had the time to think about it, and afterward, life had been so hectic that she hadn’t thought about her old neighborhood or the people she used to know.

Feeling somewhat guilty, Liv gave Betryl an awkward smile. Her former neighbor, Rita, must have felt similarly abandoned when Liv and Corida suddenly moved away.

 The contract with Pomel was completed in writing, thanks to Adolf’s help. There was no need to revisit that neighborhood, but Liv felt uneasy about abruptly cutting off contact with Rita.

“Oh, I see. That’s too bad. It’s really a shame to lose such a dedicated believer. How is Corida?”

“She’s doing much better.”

“You may be attending a different chapel now, but even if it’s far, please stop by our chapel sometimes. It feels empty without you, Miss Liv.”

Liv couldn’t bring herself to say she had stopped attending chapel altogether, so she just smiled vaguely.

Not only had she stopped going to chapel, but she hadn’t prayed properly in a long time. The funny thing was, her life felt far more stable and fulfilling now than when she had been praying earnestly.

 

“Do you still seek God at the chapel?”

 

It was people who had the power to accomplish things. That statement was true.

It was the Marquis who had made everything happen.

“I remember there being a lot of believers the last time I visited.”

Liv calmly changed the subject, and Betryl responded with a rueful laugh.

“Haha, there was a period like that for a while. But it didn’t last. Apparently, there was a rumor that Marquis Dietrion attended our chapel! Isn’t that surprising?”

“…Surprising indeed.”

How could it be that his name came up in every aspect of her daily life?

Liv suddenly realized how deeply he had embedded himself in her entire life. No matter whom she spoke with, the conversation would eventually circle back to the Marquis or remind her of him. It was astonishing.

“Marquis Dietrion! Why would someone like him visit our chapel? He could have a private meeting with the priest at the largest chapel in Buerno if he wanted to.”

Betryl shook his head, as if amused by the thought. He shrugged, wishing he could glimpse the beautiful face of the man who seemed to monopolize God’s blessings. His voice was filled with genuine admiration.

Liv tilted her head as she quietly listened.

“…You’ve never met him, Betryl?”

“No. If I had, there’s no way I would forget!”

But Liv had encountered the Marquis at the chapel several times. Was it possible that a man as conspicuous as the Marquis had been secretly visiting the chapel just to see her, avoiding the eyes of others?

She had guessed the reason for his visits, but she never imagined he had been coming and going so discreetly that Betryl, who practically lived at the chapel, was completely unaware. Liv was about to ask Betryl more questions when she noticed a carriage approaching behind him and fell silent.

A black carriage. Although common enough, it now seemed uniquely distinct to her. She recognized it instantly.

“I have an appointment, so I should go now.”

Liv smiled as she said her goodbye, and Betryl nodded pleasantly, wishing her well.

“Please do stop by the chapel sometime!”

Liv, still smiling, walked briskly toward the carriage. She exchanged a glance with the coachman before boarding without any hint of surprise.

It was the first time she had been summoned on a day she had a lesson at the Pendence estate, but it didn’t bother her at all. On the contrary, her heart fluttered with excitement at the unexpected call.

This was her first extra work since she had met the Marquis in the glass greenhouse. On that day, the Marquis had abided by Liv’s request to consider Corida, doing nothing more than kissing her. But today would be different.

Liv leaned back against the plush seat of the carriage and took a deep breath. Only then did she realize it.

She had been waiting for this extra work

 



 

She had thought she had grown quite accustomed to this mansion.

Liv, now seated, glanced around cautiously. She had been prepared to disrobe immediately upon arrival, but instead, she was led to the dining room.

“You haven’t eaten yet, have you?”

The Marquis, sitting at the head of the table, greeted her as if this had all been arranged beforehand. Perhaps the meal had been prepared in anticipation of her arrival; as soon as she sat down, an array of delicious dishes began to fill the table.

“Some excellent veal has arrived,” Philip spoke softly as he personally moved the plates.

In the center of the large table was a large serving of golden-brown roasted veal. Once a servant carved and placed portions on both the Marquis’s and Liv’s plates, he silently withdrew, followed by Philip and the other servants.

“Go ahead.”

Following the Marquis’s lead, Liv picked up her utensils. But even as she cut into her meat, the sense of bewilderment didn’t leave her.

Noticing her demeanor, the Marquis spoke in his usual calm voice, “No time to enjoy a meal?”

“Not exactly…”

“It seems your lesson ended. Did you have other plans?”

The Marquis elegantly sliced his meat, then glanced up at Liv.

“Perhaps with that man you were having a friendly conversation with earlier?”

Did the coachman report what he had seen of her conversation with Betryl? If so, it was an impressively prompt report.

Surprised by the unexpected question, Liv quickly shook her head. “Betryl is a trainee cleric from the chapel I used to attend. He doesn’t socialize with worshippers privately.”

Those who aspired to the clergy were meant to remain pure, devoted only to God. Despite her firm words, the Marquis snorted dismissively.

“Pleasure and clerical duties are separate matters.”

If a devout believer had heard him, they would likely have been outraged and reported him to the church authorities. Even to Liv, who wasn’t particularly devout, his words were shockingly irreverent. She looked at the Marquis in disbelief, then shook her head and averted her gaze.

“I know well enough about your faith, Marquis. You don’t need to explain it to me.”

Cutting her veal into small pieces, Liv added, almost as if in defense, “I haven’t attended chapel since moving. I happened to run into Betryl and was simply exchanging greetings. I didn’t have any plans; I was just surprised by your sudden summons.”

There was no real need to explain her brief conversation with Betryl in such detail. But the way the Marquis had described it as a “friendly conversation” had bothered her. It made her feel uneasy, as though she had been portrayed as a woman who got along too well with men.

That was all. She didn’t want to be misunderstood.

Liv rationalized this to herself, then slowly glanced up at the Marquis. He seemed entirely unconcerned by her explanation, savoring his wine with a composed expression.

Betryl had said that the Marquis was the kind of man who could, if he wished, hold a private audience with the high priest at Buerno’s largest chapel. But the Marquis was not someone who seemed particularly devout. And yet, he had met Liv several times at her chapel.

“You visited that chapel as well, didn’t you, Marquis? Do you remember?”

“Indeed.” The Marquis nodded without hesitation.

Liv, watching him quietly, prodded her veal with her fork before speaking, “Betryl says he never saw you at the chapel.”

A man like the Marquis, who stood out even when standing still. He had gone to such lengths to conceal his identity and visit the chapel repeatedly.

“How was that possible?”

“Why wouldn’t it be?”

The Marquis responded, sounding almost puzzled.

“It’s not difficult to fool people. I don’t like leaving traces. There are too many people who would pounce on even the smallest breadcrumb.”

Yes, it wasn’t hard to imagine. He seemed like someone who hated people approaching him or trying to get close. It made sense that concealing his identity during his visits to the chapel was a bothersome process for him.

So did that mean she was special enough for him to endure such an inconvenience?

Liv unconsciously tightened her grip on her fork and knife. She prayed her expression remained calm as she slowly asked, “Are there many people investigating you in Buerno, Marquis?”

“It’s an intriguing topic, after all,” he answered honestly. “I must look quite appealing.”

Liv thought of Camille. Camille had said the Marquis was obsessively distant from women, yet here Liv was, by his side. If Camille continued to keep an eye on the Marquis, he might eventually discover the connection between Liv and the Marquis. Moreover, Camille seemed interested in Liv herself.

If Liv ended up attracting unwanted attention because of this, would the Marquis still consider her special? The Marquis treated her differently, but the fact that he visited the chapel in secret meant he didn’t want their meetings to be known.

Liv suspected that the Marquis was somewhat aware of Camille’s existence. After all, the Marquis disliked people following him, which meant he was likely cautious enough to prevent such annoying situations from arising. Still, Liv worried about the precariousness of their continued relationship.

More precisely… she feared becoming a nuisance to the Marquis.

“If someone is investigating you in Buerno, Marquis… what would you do?”

The elegant movement of his utensils came to a stop. Setting his cutlery down soundlessly, the Marquis leaned back slightly, fiddling with his wine glass before asking in a casual tone, “Who is it?”

His simple question was so gentle that Liv almost blurted out Camille’s name without resistance. Fortunately, Liv still had her wits about her. She closed her lips, swallowed Camille’s name, and instead gave the Marquis a veiled warning.

“I heard someone mention that our paths overlap. Maybe it would be better to be more cautious…”

“Cautious of what?”

The Marquis’s scoffing voice interrupted Liv’s careful words.

“Our affair?”

 ----

Continue in part 2!!!
 
